#Aspen Discovery 20.15.00 release notes
##Administration Updates
- Add the ability to add custom JavaScript Snippets within Aspen Discovery. This allows libraries to add chat widgets and other functionality that uses JavaScript snippets. Snippets can be scoped by library and location. Custom JavaScript can be turned off by adding a noCustomJavaScript parameter to the request url.
- Hide administration actions a user does not have access to from the administration menu.
- Permission updates when roles are assigned by patron type.  
- Fix downloading a MARC record from staff view for records from the ILS. 

##CARL.X Integration Updates
- Correct opting in and out of Reading History to opt in and out of reading in CARL.X as well as Aspen Discovery. 
- Correct the display of contact information and fix updating contact information for patrons. 
- Add While You Wait information for holds that are not available yet.

##Interface Updates
- Fix so menu sections within hamburger menu expand and collapse properly.
- Fix so breadcrumbs work if the library does not specify a home link, but the layout settings specify using the home link for breadcrumbs. 

##Open Archives Updates
- Updates to load thumbnail images from ContentDM sites in more cases.

##Recommendations Updates
- Update so that recommendations work properly for users that have very large reading histories and/or very large numbers of titles that they have rated. 
- Improve the speed of recommendations.
- Index links between users and grouped works including records in their reading history, records they have rated, and records they are not interested in. 

##Search Updates
- Correct applying facets with special characters (i.e. ampersands) from the popup showing available facet values.  

##Symphony Integration Updates
- Updates to place holds using patron session rather than staff session. 
- Fix display of copy level holds. 
- Fix so Aspen removes holds from the display after the patron cancels them.

##Translation System Updates
- When searching for terms to translate, make the search case insensitive. 
