#Aspen Discovery 20.14.00 release notes
##Administration Updates
- Update multi select forms using checkboxes.

##CARL.X Integration Updates
- Update PIN Validation rules to allow up to 6 digits when resetting PIN for CARL.X. 

##Collection Spotlight Updates
- Remove tab formatting from spotlights if there is only one spotlight.
- Allow spotlights to be created from search results for events.

##Events Updates
- Update event sorting within the calendar view. 
- Correct display of event start and end times based on the active timezone. 

##Interface Updates
- When navigating directly to a page that requires login, navigate to that page after login rather than going to the home page for the account.
- Fix menu display so the height of the menu so the width of the bottom border can be adjusted. 

##MARC Record Display Updates
- Allow repeated subfields within Physical Description display. 
- Update display of publisher information to include 264 fields with a second indicator of blank or 1. 

##Materials Request Updates
- Make error messages when submitting materials requests translatable so libraries can change the text.
- Fix so status can be updated from the Update Request popup.

##OverDrive Integration Updates
- Update to properly show titles when a library owns the only copy of a title in their OverDrive Advantage account.
- Remove storing numeric formats since they are unused with Aspen Discovery.
- Set format boosts for OverDrive magazines. 

##Symphony Updates
- Update so holds can be frozen and thawed properly. 

##System Updates
- Updates for restarting solr in the event it has issues. 
- Stop indexers for each process when nightly indexing runs to reduce memory consumption. 
- Unify the configuration of cron to use a symbolic link for settings.
- Remove startBackgroundProcesses script in favor of checking background processes and checking solr. 

##Theme updates
- Don't override advanced search button color.