#Aspen Discovery 21.08.00 release notes
## Account Integration
- Users with auto-renew preference turned off will no longer see auto-renew messages on My Checkouts page (Tickets 76178, 80709)
- Users can now select multiple or all holds to suspend/freeze (Tickets 79613, 81059)
- Users can now select multiple or all holds to resume/thaw (Ticket 79613)
- Users can now select multiple or all holds to cancel (Ticket 79613)
- If no checkouts are eligible for renew the buttons at the bottom will no longer display (Tickets 76178, 79625)
- If auto-renew is turned off, they will be able to manually renew eligible titles (Tickets 76178, 79625)
- If auto-renew is turned off, and an item is ineligible for manual renewal, users will see a message as to why (Ticket 79625)
- If auto-renew is turned on, and an item is ineligible, users will now see a message as to why (Tickets 81421, 82940)
- When manually renewing items, users will now see how many renewals they have remaining (Ticket 81656)
- My Account will now display the count for holds available for pickup making it easier for mobile users to find (Ticket 82952)

## Browse Categories
- If a user without a home library creates a browse category, it will be assigned to the current library instance (Tickets 82256, 82989)
- Users will only be able to create new Browse Category Groups if they have permission to Administer All Browse Categories. (Ticket 82356)
- Browse Category pagination will only look at the total count of categories the user has access to. (Ticket 82356)
- When creating a new Browse Category Group, users will now only be able to add sub-browse categories that they have access to. (Tickets 82256, 82356)

## Cloud Library Updates
- Remove awards and other information within parentheses while grouping titles. (Ticket 83098)

## eCommerce Updates
- Create settings to make fine payments using Comprise SMARTPAY. (Ticket 81476)

## Hoopla Updates
- When processing Hoopla titles, check the fiction element for a title to determine if the title is fiction or non-fiction.
- When grouping Hoopla titles, check for the presence of the titleTitle field. When that field exists, process titleTitle as the title and the title field as the title. (Ticket 83283)

## Indexing Updates
- Add the ability within Indexing Profiles to define how Unknown Audiences should be treated.  Valid values are Adult, General, and Unknown. (Ticket 81736)
- Correct loading Available Now At Facet values for libraries that have a single location. (Tickets 81909, 82564, 83133)  
- Add detection for Book + CD, Book + DVD, and CD + Book formats based on physical descriptions within the MARC record.  (Ticket 82366)
- Add detection for Book Club Kit - Large Print titles. (Ticket 82438)
- Records with a 655 including Library of Things will now be identified with a format of Library of Things (Ticket 83175)
- Video games on CD now properly show the video game format rather than CD. (Ticket 83505)
- Store information about manifestations, variations, records, and items within the database to improve indexing times. 
- Remove unused code related to Patron Types from Indexing 

## Koha Updates
- When indexing Koha titles check the final status of an item to see if it is available rather than using the status code. (Ticket 83269)
- Correct placing item level holds where a not needed after date is specified.

## Record Grouping Updates
- If a record is marked as not grouping with other titles, Aspen will not check for alternate titles to regroup the record. (Tickets 79949, 82350)

## Open Archives Updates
- Strip characters in brackets from subjects. 

## OverDrive Updates
- Retry calls to OverDrive up to 3 times if we receive a 404 response. (Ticket 80861)
- If Aspen retrieves a 500 error from any call to an OverDrive API, make sure that product deletions do not occur. (Ticket 82382)
- Remove awards and other information within parentheses while grouping titles. (Ticket 83098)

## Polaris Updates
- Correct counts for available and unavailable holds within the account summary. (Ticket 81787)
- Load Reading History from Polaris if available. (Ticket 82513, 81625)
- Properly handle holds that require confirmation when placing holds. (Ticket 82867)
- Add the ability to place item level call number holds for Polaris records that have volume information filled out for one or more items. (Tickets 81055, 81927)   
- Detect additional error conditions when placing holds on materials within Polaris.   
- Optimize indexing when no bib records have changed since the last extract.

## Quipu eCARD
- Quipu eCARD can now be used as a self registration option.  To enable this, you must configure settings for you eCARD account within the 3rd party enrichment section of the administration menu and then elect to use Quipu eCARD for self registration within your library settings. (Ticket 82780)

## Web Builder
- Fix loading pages by alias when multiple libraries within a consortia use the same alias.  (Ticket 77990)
- Custom forms with a required checkbox will now be a required field for submission (Ticket 81722)
- Custom forms with a date field will now generate a datepicker field (Ticket 81722)
- Staff Directory will correctly scope to the current library instance (Ticket 82639)
- Fixed bug with consecutive row-level accordions to not properly work (Ticket 83125)

## Other Updates
- Buttons that open a new tab or window now have an icon indicator for being an external link (Ticket 77511)
- Sideload access links will now open in a new tab. (Tickets 77511, 82528)
- "Prev" button in pagination will properly send the user back to the previous page. (Ticket 82285) 
- Grouped work facets now have independent pluralized versions of display names. (Ticket 82515)
- The facet search lock is now a Font Awesome icon instead of a graphic. (Ticket 83052)
- Fixed an issue that if the first sub-browse category had a scheduled time to display, it would prevent the other sub-browse categories from displaying. (Ticket 83234)
- Fix UserAPI to always return the frozen property as a boolean when fetching holds also return hold format as an array for backwards compatibility. (Ticket 84432  
- Update to disable menu link if show login button is turned off in Library settings.
- Updates to Library Permissions.
- Cleanup git at the end of upgrades. 
- When showing password fields, display placeholder text if the password has already been filled out. 
- Automatically strip non printable characters from text fields in the administration interface.
- Update From field for emails that Aspen sends to be a free text field and include that information in the body rather than as the reply to address for the field to improve deliverability of emails. 
