#Aspen Discovery 21.05.00 release notes
## Cover Updates
- List covers should properly regenerate when their contents have been updated (Ticket 77251)
- Add the ability to select a related record cover for a grouped work cover (Ticket 79635)
- Add the ability to upload a cover to a grouped work directly from a URL. (Ticket 79992)
- Add the ability to upload a cover to a list (Ticket 80146)

## Polaris Integration Updates
- Place Holds, Cancel Holds, Freeze & Thaw Holds, Change Hold Pickup Location.
- Renew Checked Out Titles (individual or all). 
- Load Fines. 
- Continuous indexing of changes from Polaris for realtime updates. 

## Symphony Integration Updates
- Properly handle records with a very large number of items attached to them. Symphony splits these on export and Aspen recombines them properly to generate the full record. (Ticket 77633)
- Correct determining status based on shelf location rather when item status is not provided. (Ticket 79035)

## User List Updates
- Added ability to delete multiple items in a list at once. (Ticket 79518)

## WebBuilder Updates
- When editing a page with an embedded custom form, required fields are no longer required (Ticket 77676)
- Added ability to make rows and cells to display as collapsing/accordion boxes (Ticket 78359)
- Update website indexing to properly handle scopes with dashes in them. (Ticket 80024)
- Update website indexing to properly handle indexing multiple sites, pages, and resources. (Ticket 80024)
- Properly restrict Web Builder functionality for staff that have the ability to manage content for their library, but not others in the consortium. (Ticket 80090)
- Correctly hide web resources that are only available to specific libraries within a consortium within the resources list (Ticket 80224)
- Generate a default cover for Web Resources that do not have a logo uploaded for them.

## Other Updates
- When adding records to the Added In The Last facet, include records that have a status of Coming Soon in the On Order section of the facet. (Ticket 79516)
- Fix permissions while in Masquerade Mode to use an intersection of the permissions rather than roles and properly handle permissions that allow Administration of all objects vs. permissions that allow administration of library objects. (Ticket 79661)
- Update Reading History to allow check in dates prior to 1970. (Ticket 79722) 
- Fix creating sitemaps for subdomains with special characters. (Ticket 79773)
- Add Enum/Chron (volume information) to the end of item based call numbers when provided in MARC records. (Ticket 79870)
- Fix loading shelving locations from Koha into the translation map when the shelving location field is not set to c. (Ticket 80085)
- Fix changing between user display name types to properly reset the display names for patrons. (Ticket 80134)
- Update to allow subfield n to be included within the series name for MARC 830 fields, and update series searches for quoted searches to include additional fields. (Ticket 80359)
- When indexing records for Koha add additional checks to see if the title has been deleted and if so ensure it is removed from the index. (Ticket 80488)
- Update permissions on deploy to ensure sitemaps are created properly. 
- When showing status values within the Indexing Profile, sort values by the name.
- Fix default permissions for the sites configuration folder. 
