#Aspen Discovery 21.06.00 release notes
## Account Updates
- Allow libraries to define specific formats as needing to be picked up from the owning library.  This is useful for collections like Seed Libraries, Wi-Fi Hotspots, and other collections where you do not want the materials to be transited via a courier. The option can be selected in the Format Section of an Indexing Profile.  After selection, the text on the hold popup changes slightly to indicate that the title must be picked up at the owning library. (Ticket 79833) 

## Indexing Performance Updates
- Only index scope information for locations that have more than one location defined for a library. 
- Cache information to avoid repeated lookups of data. 
- Optimize determining scope information when including all records.

## Koha Updates
- If item can't be renewed, the patron will receive the error that Koha is sending back (Ticket 71057)
- Properly identify status of not for loan materials when the default Not for loan status (Library Use Only) has been renamed. (Ticket 76667)  
- Make status for materials request from Koha translatable within Aspen. (Ticket 80970)

## Polaris Updates
- Automatically load Material Types from Polaris into Aspen. (Ticket 81056)
- Automatically load Patron Codes into Aspen. (Ticket 80805)
- Fix for loading Locations from Polaris into Aspen to not create duplicate locations. (Ticket 81351)

## Search Updates
- Make it easier to search for records with numbers in the title regardless of if the number is entered as digits or words. (Ticket 79517)
- Fix so that searching both a format and top availability buttons will return the correct results. (Ticket 80753)
- Fix display of facets within advanced search so they can be different from the results page. (Tickets 72265, 80185)  
- Make facets displayed when viewing an Author page consistent with facets displayed for normal search results. (Ticket 81394)

## Symphony Updates
- Show items with a grouped status of On Shelf as Available.  Also show titles where the status is a shelf location as checked out if the status does not match the shelf location. (Ticket 80847, 81447)
- Track the index of the last change indexed from Symphony so that indexing operations that are interrupted can be resumed.
- When indexing full marc exports, first verify that a bib record greater than or equal to the maximum bib number from the previous full index is included in the export to protect against truncated exports. 

## User List Updates
- Fixed drag-and-drop sort to properly reorder items in the 0 position. (Ticket 79205)
- Added the display of creation date and last updated dates to My Lists. (Ticket 80930)
- Deleted lists will no longer show up as options in Collection Spotlights or Browse Categories. (Ticket 81041)
- On My Lists page, show which lists are public, private, and searchable. (Ticket 81042)
- When printing, remove the Edit & Delete buttons and make the display wider. (Ticket 81042)
- Update indexing of lists to accommodate indexing New York Times Lists for libraries that only want lists from the local library included. (Ticket 88154)
- Added pagination to the list of My Lists for more than 20 lists.

## Web Builder Updates
- Added Library Hours and Locations as cell source type in Web Builder custom pages. (Ticket 80316)
- Added check for web indexing within getIndexStatus to confirm 1 Basic/Custom Page or Web Resource exists. (Ticket 80858)
- Added functionality to sort lists by title, date created and last updated. (Ticket 80930)
- Added ability to link image Web Builder cell types to a page. (Ticket 81119)
- Update error message when uploading images to return more specific information. (Ticket 81436)
- Correct the permission needed to show the Upload Image form. (Ticket 81436)

## Other Updates
- Properly load descriptions when a library has Syndetics Unbound rather than Syndetics Classic. (Ticket 78206)
- Updated Side Load Format Boost options to reflect the Normal / Medium / High / Very High options. (Ticket 79834)
- Display large cover image when clicking on grouped work cover image (Ticket 80186)
- When loading grouped work covers, use ISSNs when fetching from Syndetics and Content Cafe. (Ticket 80263)  
- Also check ISBN, UPC, and ISSN for the Grouped work cover if a cover is not found in the MARC record for sideloads and other special content. (Ticket 80263)
- Make the location label translatable independently of other locations where the term location is used within the Quick Copy popup. (Ticket 80939)
- Increase the length of call number fields within circulation caches. (Ticket 81021)
- Update the display of subjects within a grouped work when display settings are set to only show LC Subjects or BISAC subjects. (Ticket 81192)
- Extended the max length of the link field for placards to 500. (Ticket 81209)
- Added TikTok to available social media options in library contact links (Ticket 81256)
- Updated contact link icons in footer to use Font Awesome (Ticket 81256)
- Fixed showing the status of Hoopla and RBdigital Indexing. (Ticket 81365)
- Allow libraries to prevent patrons from deleting materials requests that are placed in the ILS. (Ticket 81395) 
- Corrected indexing of websites and web builder content when location code match the code of the library.  (Ticket 81397)
- Ensure PHP SOAP is installed to support Content Cafe. (Ticket 81417)
- Update translation interface to show the term as well as the URL of the page where it was first found. (Ticket 81422) 
- Properly utilize themes that have been set per location in addition to themes set at the library level. (Ticket 81474) 
- Add functionality to import ratings, lists, and shelves from BiblioCommons for migrating libraries.   
- Make the Aspen Materials Request Form translatable.
- Added "Web Builder" to list of components on Submit Support Ticket form
- When applying multi-select facets, reset results to the first page.
