#Aspen Discovery 21.12.00 release notes
## App Updates
- Added support for release channel preferences per library location. (Ticket 87437)
- The list of libraries on the login screen should now properly generate depending on if geolocation was shared or not.
- When opening the app the initial browse category should always load.
- The currently installed version of the app is now displayed in the "More" screen.
- When placing a hold, users should now have options to select a valid pickup location.
- In the Browse Category dropdown, sub Browse Categories will display their parent label, unless the two are the same.

## cloudLibrary Updates
- Correct checking out titles in certain cases. (Ticket 87166, 87305)

## Events Updates
- Update the automatic cover generation for Events for long month names to ensure the month is not cutoff. 

## Hoopla Updates 
- When grouping Hoopla titles, utilize the Hoopla subtitle field if available. (Ticket 77773)
- When loading Music from Hoopla ensure that author names display in the correct order. (Ticket 85127)
- Utilize Hoopla genres and additional ratings to improve determination of audiences within Aspen. (Ticket 87191)

## Indexing Updates
- Add the ability to suppress eContent stored within the ILS by matching 856u links. (Tickets 83112, 86481)
- Add the ability to determine Literary Form (Fiction / Non-Fiction) based on an item subfield. (Ticket 85066)
- Add the ability to automatically hide Unknown and Not Coded Literary forms from the Literary Form and Literary Form Full facets.  These can be disabled within the Indexing Profile. (Tickets 83055, 85066, 86503)
- Check the 008 field for musical scores, audiobooks, music, and other auditory formats. (Ticket 86888)
  - For records with leader position 6 of C, D, I, or J.  The record will be tagged as fiction if 008 position 30 or 31 is f and non fiction otherwise. 
- Ensure that the nightly index flag is cleared properly when the nightly index runs. (Ticket 87263)
- Correct Diacritics issues when reading MARC records from the database. (Ticket 85574, 86247, 87095, 87159, 87160)

## Koha Updates
- Correct the display of birth date when updating contact information. (Ticket 86253)
- If a patron field is both unwanted and required, ensure that it shows when self registering and when updating contact information. (Ticket 87284) 

## Language Updates
- Update so Placards can be shown only when specific languages are active to give a better patron experience to patrons in their native language. (Ticket 85105)
- Update so menu items can be shown only when specific languages are active to give a better patron experience to patrons in their native language.

## OverDrive Updates
- Allow circulation of OverDrive materials to be disabled within Aspen Discovery to support cases where circulation via the API is not allowed, typically when a college or university uses external authentication with OverDrive.  In these cases, the user will be taken to OverDrive to checkout the material or place holds. (Ticket 86787)
- Allow Lending Periods for OverDrive Magazines to be set by the patron. (Ticket 87492)

## Permission Updates
- Update Browse Categories to ensure that users with Administer Library Browse Categories cannot modify Browse Categories Shared with Everyone. (Ticket 82356)
- Add a new permission "Edit Library Placards" which will allow the user to edit, but not create placards for their library. (Ticket 83322) 
- Prevent administrators from editing Themes they do not have access to if they have Administer Library Themes permission. (Ticket 86237)

##Symphony Updates
- Allow account functionality to work properly in Masquerade mode for patrons who have never logged in. (Ticket 76727)
- Update processing of volume export to look at the short bib number rather than the first field due to inconsistencies in exports. (Ticket 85560)
- Correct logging in patrons that do not have a city and state set within the address. 
- Store staff credentials within database rather than config file.  

## Web Builder Updates
- The HTML Editor has been converted to TinyMCE and now allows for image uploads directly in the editor. (Ticket 85383)
- Images uploaded on Basic Pages will generate all sizes ensuring correct display on Custom Pages. (Ticket 86083)
- Uploaded SVG files will properly load when displaying. (Ticket 87014)
- When displaying resources, ensure that audiences and categories display alphabetically. (Ticket 87155)

## Other Updates
- When multiple email addresses are specified, send to all addresses properly using Amazon SES. (Ticket 76946, 87238)
- Make the indexes displayed when searching between search sources translatable. (Ticket 82346)
- Make the width of the search bar search button accommodate translations where the length of the button text is longer. (Ticket 85342)
- Translation cleanup and additional translations. (Ticket 85679)
- Correct using multi select facets when changing between different scopes (typically with Browse Categories). (Ticket 86560)
- Update the width of the button for a variation within a manifestation to match other formats. (Ticket 86798)
- Standardize the display of file pickers used when selecting files in the following locations: (Ticket 86863)
  - Importing Translations
  - Selecting images and fonts within themes
  - Selecting images within web builder.
  - Adding images to placards.
- Update Menu Links to display in the hamburger menu if Show Icon in Top Menu is selected, but no icon has been defined. (Ticket 86904)
- Add additional documentation for including cover urls with specially formatted 856 links. (Ticket 86932)
- Allow the email sent field for Materials Requests to be set by Administrators. (Ticket 87018)
- Correct styling of PDFs that appear within Web Builder. (Ticket 87025)
- Prevent theme from making less desirable table stripe colors. (Ticket 87240)
- Lists of objects within the Admin interface will scroll within the current screen to make it easier to navigate when lots of objects are shown.
- Updates to refresh account information when logging in via Masquerade. 
- Allow translations of Browse Category labels when clicking on a subcategory. 
- Add a new API to retrieve searchable public lists and ensure deleted lists are not returned. 
- When using the Select Interface page with Remember Me enabled, default remember me off.
- When menu links are created ensure they show for all patron types by default and remove old unused HTML contents for a menu link. 
- Hide the library selection within the Browse Category form when sharing is set to Everyone.