### Aspen Discovery
1. Verify all account functionality for all ILSs (viewing account, placing holds, etc.). This functionality was touched with External Request Logging.
   - For libraries using Koha, Polaris, or Symphony, verify the responses sent back after completing account functionality actions. This functionality was touched when adding additional responses for LiDA.
2. Verify all account functionality for all eContent (viewing account, placing holds, etc.). This functionality was touched with External Request Logging.
3. Verify eCommerce integration with all eCommerce vendors, initiating payments changed and reports changed for all vendors.
4. Verify PayPal settings have transferred from the library to admin area properly.
5. Verify that Browse Categories display correctly and that you can enable the new categories (if desired).
6. Test hiding and showing browse categories. 
7. If using the Course Reserves module, verify that all course reserves display properly. 
8. Setup and test the donations module if desires and your library currently uses eCommerce. 
9. If your library stores Lexile data in your MARC records verify that Lexile data is indexed properly for several sample records.
10. Verify Arabic language display and right to left functionality as desired.
11. Enable the new OverDrive fulfillment interface and test several different materials (different formats can behave differently)
12. Review changes specific to your ILS to confirm new functionality all behaves properly for your site. 

### Aspen LiDA
1. Verify all account functionality (viewing account, placing holds, etc.) for libraries using Koha, Polaris, or Symphony. This functionality was touched when enhancing the security of LiDA's requests to Aspen and with fixing bugs.
2. Verify the alerts/notices displayed after completing actions (checking out, renewing, placing holds, etc.) for meaningful messages without HTML markup.
3. Verify all account functionality for all eContent (checking out, placing holds, viewing items, etc.). This functionality was touched when enhancing the security of LiDA's requests to Aspen.