1. Determine if you want to use OMDB covers that do not match the date in the MARC record.  The setting can be changed in OMDB settings.  
1. Determine if you want to use the new OverDrive fulfillment interface and if you want the Libby promo to be shown.  These settings can be controlled in your OverDrive settings.
3. For consortia, in System Variables, determine if you want to use payment settings based on the patron's home library or the active catalog.   
4. Review PayPal payment settings if you use PayPal, also decide if you want to allow the PayLater option or not.
5. Determine if you want to use the Donations module. Libraries set this up in eCommerce sub-section Donations Settings.
6. Determine if you want to use the "Your Lists" and "Your Saved Searches" Browse Categories, if so, add them to Browse Category Group(s).
7. Review your contact settings within Location Settings. These are used in Aspen LiDA to display email and phone numbers.  If you don't want those buttons to show, they can be left blank.
8. For Symphony libraries with course reserves, verify that course reserves are being exported to Aspen, enable the course reserves module, and configure settings for course reserves, then review that everything is indexed properly.    

In version 22.01 we will stop automatically loading all Browse Categories if a Browse Category Group does not have any Browse Categories listed for it. If you have any Browse Category Groups without categories, please add categories over the next few weeks.   