#Aspen Discovery 21.10.00 release notes

## Account Integration Updates
- Allow libraries to limit how many days out a user can freeze a hold (Ticket 83115)
- When placing holds on formats that allow either bib or item level holds, allow libraries to override that decision so their patrons must place either a bib or item level hold. (Ticket 83573)  
- Allow libraries to display barcodes for checked out items in the user account. (Ticket 83760)
- Freeze All and Thaw All buttons now respect Allow Freezing Holds setting. (Ticket 85581)
- When paying partial fine amounts, make sure the minimum fine amount. (Ticket 85920)

## Administration Updates
- When editing a theme, selecting the "Use Default" checkbox will now populate the default Aspen color into the color field and check contrast ratio as needed. Additionally, if the box is unchecked before saving, it will revert the color field back to the previous value. (Ticket 73965)
- Limit visibility of library/menu links based on patron type. (Ticket 79075)

## eCommerce Updates
- ProPay integration to create and process payments via Hosted Payment Pages. (Ticket 75390)
- Create a new eCommerce Payment report to view all completed and pending payments from Aspen. (Ticket 86161)

## Grouping Updates
- When grouping by Uniform Title include subfields m, o, and s in addition to n and p. (Ticket 81776)

## Interface / Usability Updates
- Fixed 'Show Edition' button to properly word wrap for smaller screens. (Ticket 84996)
- Updated social media icons in the footer to inherit the footer text color for better visibility. (Ticket 85517)
- For mobile users the title rating breakdown table will no longer display. (Ticket 85633)

## Koha Updates
- Increase maximum allowable length of email fields when requesting PIN resets in Koha.
- Correct placing holds in Koha when using an expiration date. (Ticket 85818)

## Open Archives Updates
- Fix the display of thumbnails when the URL provided by the OAI-PMH feed has redirects. (Ticket 83051)

## Polaris Updates
- Display Patron Blocks. (Ticket 80637)
- Load number of holds from Polaris. (Ticket 82781)
- Allow patrons to import their lists from Polaris. (Ticket 82866)
- Allow patrons to change their PIN/Password. (Ticket 83381)
- Enable Masquerade for systems connected to Polaris. (Ticket 85188)
- Store volume identifiers as case-insensitive to ensure that records with V. 1 and v.1 volumes index properly.   
- Allow patrons to update their email and phone number. 

## Search and Indexing Updates
- Index number of holds on a grouped work and add the ability to sort based on total holds for a title. (Ticket 82781)
- Updates for showing grouped statuses for records when searching within a library branch.  (Ticket 84850)
- Additional updates for the display of grouped works if a language was not determined for some records. (Ticket 85640)  
- Properly index and display results within a branch where Creating Search Indexes has been disabled for all but one library branch. (Ticket 85565)  
- Rename Date Added sort to Date Purchased Desc. 
- Rename Newest First and Oldest First sorts to Publication Date Desc and Publication Date Desc respectively. 

## Sierra Indexing Updates
- Correct Due Date display when viewing an individual record connected to Sierra. (Ticket 82611)
- Export and display item notes from Sierra.  A translation map named "note" can be used to translate notes. (Ticket 85090)
- Update Sierra MARC records to be stored in the database. (Ticket 85655)

## Symphony Updates
- Mark fines paid within Symphony during eCommerce payments. (Ticket 75390)
- Update determination of current shelf location and status. (Ticket 85382)   
- Allow the display of barcodes for checked out titles. (Ticket 85728)

## Translation Updates
- Make additional strings translatable within Aspen.
- Update Language definition to make additional fields required.
- Allow translations to Pig Latin and Ubbi Dubbi to make testing translations easier.

## User Lists updates
- Fixed an issue that prevented the first item on a new list from generating a title and weight for sorting. (Ticket 84997) 

## Web Builder updates
- Limit access to web builder pages based on patron type. (Ticket 79075)
- Fixed a bug that prevented custom forms on web builder pages from submitting correctly. (Tickets 79798, 84770)
- Updates for generating thumbnails for PDFs. (Ticket 86126)

## Other Updates
- PDFs can now be uploaded as supplemental files. (Ticket 76104)
- Updated citations to modern formatting. (Ticket 84896)
- Fix display of items list so all items show properly when viewing a single record from the ILS. (Ticket 85104)  
- Update translation of Reading History opt in message to correct quotation marks. (Ticket 85597)
- Fix adding Records to Include to Locations (Ticket 85625)  
- Display the maximum file size that can be uploaded when uploading Sideloads. (Ticket 85798, 85918)
- Remove Account Settings submenu within the account menu to improve mobile usability. 
- Remove unused Millennium Materials booking functionality. 
- Replace old datepicker functionality with HTML date fields for consistency and improved functionality.