###Account Integration Updates
- Fix freezing holds for linked accounts when prompting for a reactivation date.

###Carl.X Updates
- Correct logging of CARL.X responses when loading unavailable holds. (Ticket 91354)

###Donation Updates
- Send email to the patron after the donation is completed.  

###Indexing Updates
- Allow suppression of items by iType. New setting within Indexing Profiles to specify a regular expression for item types to suppress. (Ticket 88505)
- Extract from Sierra will always use API rather than MARC export API call for consistency. 
- Force a nightly index correctly when changing Grouped Work Display Settings.   

###Koha Updates
- Improve performance of loading reading history to allow loading of very large reading histories. (TIckets 87624, 90794, 91407)

###OverDrive Updates
- When using the new OverDrive fulfillment option, use the old method with supplemental materials as these are not yet supported with the new option.  
- Fix setting reactivation date when freezing OverDrive Holds. (Ticket 91443) 
- Updates for freezing holds with linked accounts. 

###Sierra Updates
- Load Holds using the Sierra APIs.
- Updates for Importing Lists from Millennium / Sierra systems (Ticket 88170)
- Allow suppression of items by iCode2. New setting within Indexing Profiles to specify a regular expression for iCode 2 to suppress. (Ticket 88505) 
- Allow suppression of bibs by bCode3. New setting within Indexing Profiles to specify a regular expression for bCode 3 to suppress. (Ticket 88505)
- Load Checkouts using the Sierra APIs and renew titles via the Sierra APIs. (Ticket 89123) 
- Load Reading History using the Sierra APIs. (Ticket 90050)
- Updates for freeze, thaw, changing pickup location, and cancelling holds via the Sierra APIs. (Ticket 91445)
- Display Contact Information properly for Millennium / Sierra systems
- Log requests for Sierra API calls. 

###Symphony Updates
- Update self registration form to put fields into sections. (Ticket 84917)
- Allow importing lists from Enterprise. (Ticket 87050)
- Cleanup deleted volume information when loading Symphony volume information. (Ticket 89114)
- When generating counts of physical materials that are checked out, do not include titles that have been marked as claims returned. (Ticket 91298)

###Other Updates
- Rank In Transit status below Checked Out status when determining the grouped status to show since these titles are typically in transit to a hold shelf and not available to avoid patron confusion. (Ticket 91310)
- Correct display of description to respect the "Prefer Syndetics/Content Cafe Description" in Grouped Work Display Settings. (Ticket 90214)
- Updates to correct saving browse categories with sub categories. (Tickets 91379, 91203, 91384)  
- Do not show an error when displaying breadcrumbs for an invalid record. 
- Do not show errors for invalid Cloud Library records.  
- Don't mark that the index is still running if the index starts in the evening (after 9PM). 
- Error trapping when updating reading history. 
- Error trapping when loading checkouts with very long call numbers. 