#Aspen Discovery 21.13.00 release notes
## App Updates
- Updated the overall user interface and several screen flows
- Added support for storing library theme data to fetch when customizing the app later on
- Added app access to Search API and Item API
- Updated the Library API to check if a library location has the homeLink set to "default" and instead pull the system homeLink
- Added favicon to Library API
- Updated how the concatenation of format and collection code formed to check that both variables exist
- Checkouts and holds now have unique IDs to prevent display issues
- Checkouts and holds now display format
- Added pagination support for search results
- Updated the formatting of due dates the Checkouts screen and "Ready for pickup until" dates on the Holds screen

## Grouping Updates
- Increase the maximum length of a title when grouping to 200 characters rather than 100. (Ticket 87256)
- When grouping look at the 264 in addition to the 260.  (Ticket 87595)

## Indexing Updates
- Correct processing of the Additional Locations to Show Availability For setting within library and location settings so additional locations can be shown in the Available At Facet. (Ticket 87388) 
- Increase the length of the Non Holdable ITypes field within Indexing Profiles (Ticket 88095)
- Updates for handling unknown and missing languages and audiences while indexing grouped works. (Tickets 87145, 87684, 88065)
- Additional audience determination for Hoopla comics. 
- Improve the speed of indexing records within Aspen. 

## Koha Integration Updates
- Make sure that correctly formatted dates are being sent to Koha API. (Ticket 87589)
- If a patron field is unwanted during self-modification, but required during self-registration, ensure that it only appears when self-registering. (Ticket 87589)
- When extracting book covers from Koha add a check for invalid timestamps in the database. (Ticket 88380)

## OverDrive Indexing Updates
- Update calculation of number of titles owned by members of a consortia when advantage titles have been promoted to the consortial collection. (Tickets 88061, 86829, 86720, 87573)
- When indexing eContent include Overdrive within the Available At Facet for both Advantage and traditional collections. (Ticket 87108)
- Update the display of copies within search results and full record pages to be clearer and more concise. (Ticket 87118)
- Update the display of Always Available titles to show that they are always available even if patrons have holds on them. (Ticket 88525)

## Placard Changes
- Allow administrators to define alt text for images. 

## Polaris Indexing Updates
- Update indexing to store the item identifier for each item within MARC data on export from Polaris. 
- Show patron renew blocks within the patron's account. (Ticket 80637)
- Update indexing to look at deleted items within Polaris to ensure they are deleted even if the bib has not changed when the item is updated. (Ticket 87408) 
- Update indexing to index marc records where the bib id has been changed (typically when merging records) (Ticket 82938)

## Sideload Updates
- Allow the text of the Access Online button for Side Loaded records to be customized. (Ticket 85629)

## Web Builder Updates
- TinyMCE will stop filtering out permitted HTML tags. (Ticket 87771)
- Category/Audience panel heading will now properly inherit the Open Panel Text Color on the Web Resource page. (Ticket 87779)

## Other changes
- In System Variables if Allowable HTML Tags is empty, it will now properly allow all HTML through. (Ticket 82651)
- Add support for extended UTF-8 character sets (4 byte support) within the database. (Ticket 86224, 88061)
- Correctly show User display name within linked accounts even for patrons that have not logged in before. (Ticket 86715, 88155)
- Fix showing quick copy view when a format contains an apostrophe. (Ticket 86729)
- Add a new Image Regular Expression to use when loading images from an Open Archives site. (Ticket 87149)
- Add a new *Consortial Interface?* flag within library settings to determine if library settings are representing an entire consortium. When enabled, status will show as On Shelf for titles that are available, but not owned by the active library rather than Available at another location. (Ticket 87532)
- Make materials request email subject translatable. (Ticket 87671)
- Allow access to Messaging Settings to be turned off within Library Settings for Koha and Symphony libraries. (Ticket 87739)
- Added some extra padding under the description container on the Web Resource page. (Ticket 87759)
- Improve labels for website indexing regular expressions to extract page title and description. (Ticket 87842)
- Remove vufind reference. (Ticket 87905)
- When sharing to Pinterest, use the large image for a title. (Ticket 87962)
- Add ids to each element of the self registration response so individual elements can be hidden with css. (Ticket 87978)
- Display libraries for Library Market Calendar Settings properly after saving. (Ticket 88442)
- Correct the display of the Recommended for You browse category for patrons with ratings. (Tickets 88523, 88535)
- Update Select Interface functionality for handling locations if no subdomain is set to redirect to the Library URL with the branch parameter set. (Ticket 88570)
- Correct service name for cloudLibrary within Aspen.  
- Updates for loading default values when adding new objects (settings, placards,etc) to Aspen.
- Add Publication Date Asc, Publication Date Desc, and Number of Holds to the list of available sorts for Browse Categories. 