#Aspen Discovery 21.14.00 release notes
## Indexing Updates
- Performance updates during indexing. 

## OverDrive Updates
- Optimize updates from OverDrive to reduce memory usage and speed up determining which products have been deleted.  

## Polaris Updates 
- Correct count of physical material to not include eContent within the account summary. (Ticket 82935)
- Updates to volume level hold functionality. (Tickets 88262, 89632)

## Sierra Updates
- Increase the speed of extracting data from Sierra using the APIs. (Ticket 88042)

## Symphony Updates
- Allow translation of hold request responses from Symphony. (Ticket 89602)

## System Updates
- Allow database updates to be performed via API. 
- Add checking for if database updates have been run to the Aspen status page.
- Add checking for if encryption key has been created to the Aspen status page.  
- Add checking for if the nightly index is running after 8am to the Aspen status page. (Ticket 89207)

## Other changes
- If a title is available, hide the number of holds. (Ticket 83265)
- Moved the button to dismiss placards to the top right to fit the typical UI design pattern. (Ticket 85558)
- Added the option to have a "Top of Page" button in Layout Settings. (Tickets 85603, 88455)
- Updated placards to be wrapped by a section container to ensure accessibility compliance. (Ticket 87634)
- Citation styles will now display the style guide version. (Ticket 87717)
- Update default allowable HTML tags to include all the functions in TinyMCE. (Ticket 88127)
- Added materialRequestLink to containers for public-facing use of Materials Request. (Ticket 88949)
- Added option to hide Materials Request on patron side, while keeping the module active in Administration. (Ticket 88949)
- Update Bad Words list for filtering content of reviews. (Ticket 89032)
- For WebBuilder pages, add the page id to the body tag. (Ticket 89092)
- Updated the allowable HTML tags in placards, system messages, location header text, library system message, and library header text. (Ticket 89368)
- Do not show Quick Copy view for eContent. (Ticket 89641)
- Indicate what fields cause a nightly index to be run within the Admin interface. 
- Allow indexing more that 2500 web pages. 
- Optionally allow logging of API calls to external systems for better diagnosing issues. 
- Monitoring enhancements. 
- Added a function to automatically open a panel and navigate to it, if a matching id is found in the URL.
