###Account Updates
- Add the ability to specify that a format must be picked up at a branch of the owning library in addition to the previous ability to force a title to be picked up at the owning branch. (Ticket 91356)   

  **New Settings**
  - ILS Integration > Indexing Profiles > Format Information > Pickup At
- If cancelling a hold fails, properly display the failure message. 

###Aspen LiDA Updates
- Created a new Admin section for Aspen LiDA to put all the settings in one place for easier management.
  - Added configuration for notifications and which patron types should receive them.
  - Added a report for verifying that notifications were sent and completed.
  - Configuration for displaying or hiding locations and the release channel are now in Aspen LiDA > App Settings.
  - Configuration for quick searches are now in Aspen LiDA > Quick Search Settings.
  - Configuration for branded apps are now in Aspen LiDA > Branded App Settings.

  **New Settings**
  - Aspen LiDA > App Settings
  - Aspen LiDA > Quick Search Settings
  - Aspen LiDA > Branded App Settings
- Fixed an issue where hiding list browse categories was not working correctly.
- Users can now enable notifications for saved search updates.

  **New Settings**
  - Aspen LiDA > Notification Settings
- Added a new option in Preferences to manage notifications.

###Evergreen Updates
- Add additional logging for Evergreen API calls
- Use override variant when placing hold requests

###Evolve Updates
- Add additional error checking when loading newly changed items.

###Indexing Updates
- Allow Koha libraries to source formats in Aspen from bib records (100539)
- Add the ability to suppress subjects from MARC Records and eContent collections from the search index.

  **New Settings**
  - Catalog / Grouped Works > Hidden Subjects
- When loading format from item information, make sure the format category is consistent with the items used to load format
- Allow titles with an iType of ebk to be treated as eContent within the ILS.
- Add additional indexes to improve indexing speed
- Updates to delete grouped works with spaces in their id.

###Interlibrary Loan Updates
- Add an integration with VDX from OCLC
  - Allow configuration of which VDX system to connect to.

    **New Settings**
    - Interlibrary Loan > VDX Settings
  - Allow configuration of which branches within a consortium will lend directly to each other.

    **New Settings**
    - Interlibrary Loan > VDX Hold Groups
  - Allow configuration of forms to be displayed to the user during the request process. 

    **New Settings**
    - Interlibrary Loan > VDX Forms
  - Based on which library within a consortium owns items and the user's home library, show either a Request or Place Hold Button within search results and full record view.
  - Prompt the patron for the proper request information and submit to VDX 
  - Show a list of requests within MyAccount
  - Allow patrons to cancel VDX requests from Aspen

###Koha Updates
- Properly handle cases where borrower number is not numeric.
- Additional error handling in cases where a user does not have a home library assigned.

###OverDrive Updates
- Improve the speed of loading changes from OverDrive by multi threading checking availability via the APIs. (Ticket 97669)
- When checking for titles added to a collection using daysSinceAdded, limit to the last 90 days to match what OverDrive allows.  

###Single Sign On (SSO)
- Set up the infrastructure for Single Sign On to connect to several types of identity providers. 
- Add configuration information for Single Sign On to Library Settings. 
- When a patron elects to sign on with Single Sign On, redirect them to the identity provider for authorization. 
- Read information from the identitiy provider to connect the patron with their account within the ILS.

  **New Settings**
  - Primary Configuration > Library Systems > Single Sign On section

###Search Updates
- Add the ability to sort editions that have at least one copy owned by the active library/location before all other editions. 

  **New Settings**
  - Catalog / Grouped Works > Grouped Work Display > Sort Owned Editions First
  
###Symphony Updates
- Add the ability to define the user profile used when a patron self registers within library settings. (Ticket 101480)

- **New Settings**
  - Primary Configuration > Library Systems > ILS/Account Integration > Self Registration > Self Registration Profile

###Other Updates
- Fixed an issue where Hide Unknown/Not Coded lit forms was not working correctly (Ticket 97288)
- Updated getPatronFines method in User API to look for whether to return linked account fines or not. (Ticket 100866)
- Fixed an issue with the View More link for tabbed spotlights not redirecting to the correct list (Ticket 100983)
- When showing the View More link on a Collection Spotlight with multiple tabs, show the name of the list as part of the link. 
- Fixed an issue to allow the edit list modal to open when editing a list entry in a list. (Ticket 101096)
- Correct behavior of log me out after placing a hold. (Ticket 101621)
- Make "Payment Completed" message translatable (Ticket 102547)
- Make Delete List button and action more descriptive. (Ticket 102838)
- Fix sorting of EBSCOhost databases. (Ticket 103514)
- Remove the delete button when editing administrators. To remove Administration privileges, simply deselect all roles and save the user.
- Don't allow EBSCOhost Databases to be deleted in the Admin interface, just make them non-searchable to hide. 
- Setup log rotation on the server for some logs that were not being rotated previously.
- Allow User Lists to be Enabled or Disabled at the location level. 

  **New Settings**
  - Primary Configuration > Locations > Catalog Enrichment > Enable User Lists
- Increase timeout when updating reading history to better handle patrons with very large reading histories.
- Blocking of page views when host name is not valid for a given server. 

###This release includes code contributions from:
- ByWater Solutions
- PTFS Europe
- James Staub
- Equinox Open Library Initiative

_Thanks to all of our contributors!!_