### Aspen Discovery Index Change Tests
1. Test selecting a variety of combinations of Format Categories, Formats, Availability Toggle, and Available At Facets.  
   - The number of results should match the total on the selected availability toggle. 
   - Selecting multiple formats should show results for all selected formats. 
   - When selecting the availability toggle for a local collection or for available materials, the Entire Collection toggle should still show all results. 
2. Test searches within a consortium to ensure all facets behave properly. 
3. When a search results in no results, facets will still be shown both above and on the side of the screen so they can be deselected (this is rare).
4. Verify similar titles / more like this still show properly
5. Verify full record pages still show properly
6. Verify Author pages still show properly
7. Verify Browse Categories show properly
8. Test creating collection spotlights
9. Verify APIs work properly (Anode, Item, and List, Search, and Work APIs)
10. Test grouping titles
11. Test recommended for you
12. Test Ratings
13. Test Advanced Search 
14. Test Results from Prospector
15. Test Spelling Suggestions
16. Test Keyword Results if a Search using an alternate index (Author, Subject, etc) results in no results.
17. Test Novelist integration
18. Test Explore More
19. Test searches of quoted terms with a variety of index to ensure stemming does not occur while the term is quoted. 
20. Within a consortium ensure browse categories created in one interface display properly in other interfaces. 

### Aspen Discovery Language Grouping Change Tests
1. Test search relevance to ensure records that are not in English show appropriately within search results. 
2. Verify that descriptions for non english materials show appropriately. 
3. Verify that ratings, reviews, lists, reading history, etc update appropriately.
4. Verify that grouping works manually still works appropriately. 
5. Verify that separating records works appropriately. 

### Axis360 Update Tests
1. Ensure there are not errors in the indexing log. 
2. Spot check to ensure that all titles in your collections show properly and that extra titles do not show. 
