###Aspen LiDA Updates
- Patrons can now place volume level holds on Aspen LiDA. (Ticket 93243)
- When searching in Aspen LiDA, patrons will now see the language listed for the record.
- Minor fixes for supporting library branded Aspen LiDA when logging in.

###Axis360 Updates
- Properly handle error code 3103 when loading titles by deleting availability for the title. (Ticket 97656)

###EBSCOhost Integration
- Add a new module and settings to enable EBSCOhost integration. 
- When EBSCOhost searching is enabled, display Articles & Databases as a search source. 
- Automatically show available databases and allow users to select which databases should be searched. 

###New York Times Lists Updates
- When deleting a New York Times list, properly flag it as such. (Ticket 94224)
- Increased the amount of sleep between calls when updating New York Times to prevent hitting rate quota limit. (Ticket 96616)
- Aspen will only handle lists that New York Times have updated within the last year.

###Polaris Updates
- Display ILL Requests for a patron. (Ticket 97088)
- Allow patrons to cancel ILL Requests (required Polaris 7.0 or later). (Ticket 97088) 
- Use the API to determine if a title cannot be renewed within checkouts, previously was only checking if the renewal limit had been reached. (Ticket 98386)

###Search and Indexing Updates
- Correct facet counts when selecting combinations of Format Category, Format, Availability, and Availability Toggle facets. (Tickets 84783, 86576, 90210, 90396, 91367, 92376, 92558, 93766, 97987)
- Always show facets when applied even if there are no results. (Ticket 94257)
- Separate Grouped Works based on language. (Tickets 75395, 86248, 86252, 89273, 94150)
- When extracting changed records, always reindex the record even if checksum and length does not change (Koha, Evergreen, Polaris). (Tickets 96735, 97590, 97572, 97657, 98760, 98955)  
- Allow regrouping all records during the nightly index. 
- More efficient lookup of fields by tag within a MARC record.
- Update most scoped fields to use facet prefix rather than using dynamic fields. 
- Add a new Grouped Work Core to allow switching between new and old indexing methods.
- Make processing works that have been scheduled for reindexing more efficient if a work has been scheduled multiple times. 
- When performing a full index, do not process grouped works that do not have records attached to them. 

###Sierra Updates
- When validating patron accounts, do not make the barcodes case sensitive. (Ticket 98485)

###Other Updates
- If no author is assigned, remove the word by within the alt text on the browse category page. (Ticket 93843)
- Allow the use of a + symbol in SMS phone numbers. (Ticket 94534)
- When logging in to access a restricted page, redirect the patron back to that page. (Tickets 95010, 95237)
- Add additional properties into getListTitles in the List API. (Ticket 96810)
- Check for OverDrive error message if a library doesn't own CPC for a title and allow them to place a hold instead. (Ticket 97668)
- Updated label for General Email Address in Library System settings to clarify its usage for Aspen LiDA. (Ticket 97796)
- Close empty tab if web resource is set to open in same window. (Ticket 98189)
- Fixed bug that prevented the login screen from closing correctly when accessing a web resource required logging in. (Ticket 98189)
- Correct duplicated error message if OverDrive is not setup and the patron tries to checkout a title. (Ticket 98654)
- Fixed Sort By options in Reading History to be translatable. (Ticket 98692)
- Remove unneeded caching. (Ticket 98750)
- Additional sanitization of search terms to remove HTML. 
- If User information cannot be decrypted while indexing a list, delete the list from the search index. 
- Make module settings read only other than if the module is enabled or not.
- Add additional notes that PayPal sandbox mode should be used for testing only.
- Add additional instructions for website indexing paths to exclude. 
- Updating preferred language in My Preferences will now immediately switch the user to that language.
