###Search Updates
- Correct sorting by date purchased when using scoped catalogs. Previously would sort by the date ordered by the entire consortium. (Ticket 92183)

###Sierra Updates
- Detect if Sierra grants fail prior to normal expiration and reconnect to the API. (Ticket 88042)
- Correct item level holds for Sierra systems. (Tickets 88040, 92250)
- Allow paying fines within Sierra using the Sierra API. (Ticket 88169)
- Load fines via the Sierra API. 
- Ensure checkout data is refreshed after a renewal is done. (Ticket 89123)
- Allow longer passwords to be set within Sierra and update to use the Sierra APIs to reset the PIN/Password. (Ticket 89851)
- Update patron login and patron updates to use the Sierra API. (Ticket 91639) 
- Remove the need to use PATRON API with Aspen for Sierra systems. (Ticket 91639)
- Update to show title and cover for checkouts where the item has been suppressed. (Ticket 92584)
- Show the title of the item that a fine was accrued on when showing the fines page. (Ticket 92584)
- Use Sierra APIs to place holds for bib and item level holds. 

###Symphony Updates
- Update Symphony so self registration zip codes applied within the library settings are applied.  (Ticket 92504)

###Other Updates
- Sort MARC records by tag when displaying them in staff view. (Ticket 87747)
- Correct restoring website pages that were previously deleted when indexing websites. (Ticket 90950)
- Update Footer minimum size to ensure the jump to top of page button does not overlap social media icons. (Ticket 93039)