###Account Menu Updates
- Update account menu and account sidebar so all items are in the same order and have consistent names.
- Remove Lists Account Menu within the sidebar and direct users to the Lists page. 
- Change Fines and Messages menu to just Fines
- Update reference to My Account, My Ratings, etc to Your Account and Your Ratings.

###Aspen LiDA Updates
- Added saved searches to the account drawer which will also indicate how many searches have had new titles added in the last week.
- Added a saved searches screen for a list of a user's saved searches and a badge if new titles have been added in the last week.
- When showing results for a saved search in search results or as a browse category, show a badge indicating new titles above the cover.
- Limit home page categories to 5 by default even if the first 5 categories have subcategories. 
- When adding titles to a list, and if other lists exist, pre-select the last used list.
- Fixed an issue that would allow a user to make multiple lists with the same title.
- Fixed an issue where Android users couldn't interact with the login or grouped work screens.
- Fixed an issue where if a user list was hidden as a browse category, it wouldn't display on the lists screen.

###Collection Spotlight Updates
- Properly create collection spotlights from searches that have filters which are only available in Advanced Search. (Ticket 100400)

###EBSCO updates
- Consortia can use both EBSCOhost and EDS. Only one of these may be active for a single library at a time. Aspen will defer to EDS if both have search settings, but if EDS search settings are set to "none" EBSCOhost will be the active Articles & Databases search source.

###Evergreen Updates
- Process both large bibs xml file and all bibs MARC file for full export. (Ticket 99876)
- When a hold fails, do additional checking for error messages to display to the patron. (Ticket 101538)

###Evolve Updates
- Setup indexing for evolve based on MARC exports as well as changes from the API. 
- Allow patrons to login to their account
- Load Checkouts, Holds, and Fines from Evolve.
- Allow patrons to place holds. 
- Allow patrons to cancel holds and change hold pickup locations. 
- Allow patrons to renew checked out titles. 

###Grouping Updates
- Do additional validation of languages from MARC records to ensure the language is 3 characters and that it does not contain spaces. (Ticket 100476)

###Hoopla Updates
- Support Binge Pass records from Hoopla. 

###Indexing Updates
- Performance updates when indexing records.
  - Detect duplicate records owned and records to include rules and only process once per rule. 
  - Optimization when checking if an item is owned by a library if the library has lots of locations.
  - Optimization of Hoopla record scoping.
  - Code based optimization to use more efficient structures and calls. 
  - Optimization determining item identifiers.
- When checking the bib for call number use the 082 field if a call number is not found anywhere else. 
- When indexing formats from items, use the bib level format if the item field does not exist in the translation map.
- Correct scoping of records when format is determined by item and all items within a record do not have a format that can be determined for the item.
- When determining if a title is non-holdable based on status, ensure the status check is done case insensitive.  

###Koha Updates
- 
###OverDrive Updates
- Default allow large deletes on. 

###PayPal Updates
- If no reason is provided for a fine, pass the message to PayPal as the name of the fine. (Ticket 101191)
- Disable Shipping information when paying Fines and Fees with PayPal. (Ticket 96495)

###Saved Search Notifications
- Automatically check saved searches for a user to see if they have titles added in the last week. 
- When a user has saved searches with new results, show a badge in the account menu to indicate they have new titles. 
- In search history, indicate which searches have new titles in the last week with a link to see just those titles. 
- When showing results for a saved search in search results or a browse category, show a badge indicating new titles above the cover.
- Log files for checking search updates can be found in the System Reports section of Aspen Admin. 

###Search Updates
- When applying a default availability toggle, properly filter formats based on the default toggle value. (Ticket 101094)
- Update display of editions within search results and grouped work display to eliminate scrolling side to side and add an option to display content with or without labels.  
- Change Quick Copy View terminology to Where is It? 
- Add the ability to display the New Flag on all new titles within search results within Grouped Work Display Settings. 

###Sierra Updates
- Updates to messaging when a fine cannot be completed within Sierra. (Ticket 96495)

###Symphony Updates
- Only check the latest uploaded file to see if it is still changing. 
- Handle cases where serials data is exported into the MARC export as partially complete MARC records. 

###Other Updates
- If a checked out item has a hold on it, display that information to the user and hide the renew option. (Tickets 88800, 99860)
- Updated the modal title for placing item level holds. (Ticket 99382)
- Properly center titles within Explore More. (Ticket 100676)
- Update terminology for "Remember Me" on login screens to "Keep Me Signed In". (Ticket 101349)
- When Bypass Automatic Logout is turned on for a staff user, treat the session as if "Keep Me Signed In" was enabled. (Ticket 101349)
- All Administration pages will now have a save button that can be tapped instead of having to scroll to the top of the page.
- Code cleanup for Advanced Search.
- Add a graph of Wait Time for the previous two weeks to the greenhouse.
- Allow Single Works to be passed to indexers from the command line.
- Optimization for clearing expired session. 
- Set a default crawl delay of 10 seconds for robots. 

_end release notes_