### Aspen Discovery
1. Review a sample of grouped work titles especially titles that were displaying incorrectly previously and titles with lots of different editions to ensure the titles look good after a reindex. 
1. Test searches for case sensitivity and relevancy especially title based searches. 
1. Test searches to ensure that titles with diacritics return results properly both when searching with the diacritic and without. 
1. Test clicking on a variety of subject links within full record displays especially subjects that include multiple terms to ensure relevant results appear.
1. Review CloudLibrary titles to ensure they display properly.
1. Review Reading History to ensure that titles that were imported from the ILS do not show as In Use after they have been returned.
1. Review Content Cafe descriptions to ensure that diacritics show properly.   

#### Koha Libraries
1. Test Bib, Item, and Volume Holds as applicable with and without hold cancellation dates.  Ensure that loan rule limitations are applied properly especially if you are restricting the number of holds per item type.
1. Verify that In Transit items display properly.
1. Test curbside functionality if you are currently using the Koha curbside plugin. 

#### Polaris Libraries
1. Test Forgot PIN functionality.
1. Test Patron self registration if you do not have an existing self registration mechanism. 
1. Verify that public notes display properly for your items. 

#### Sierra Libraries
1. Verify that public notes display properly for your items.

#### Symphony Libraries
1. Verify that holds per bib are displaying properly if you are exporting a Holds.csv file. 
1. Verify that all volumes display properly.  

### Aspen LiDA
