##Aspen LiDA Updates
- Fixed an issue where the list of user lists wasn't updating properly after switching users. (Ticket 95118)
- Tapping on an item in the list will once again navigate to the item details screen. (Ticket 95118)
- Browse categories will now properly hide or show as they are updated. (Ticket 95462)
- Patrons can now manage holds and checkouts from linked accounts. (Ticket 96019)
- Patrons can now place holds and checkout eContent for linked accounts. (Ticket 96019)
- Patrons can now place ILS holds for linked accounts. (Ticket 96019)
- Updated how browse categories are loaded in to increase performance. (Ticket 96276)

##General Display Updates
- Add a new block of Footer Text within Library Settings that is displayed within the footer.   
  **New Settings**
  - Library Settings > Basic Display > Footer Text 

###Hold Updates
- When placing a hold on non-fiction works ensure the id is treated properly when the user selects "No, place a hold on this edition" (Ticket 95994, 97591)

###Indexing Updates
- When checking to see if a title is a CD based on physical description, make sure it is not a CD player. (Ticket 97340)

###Koha Updates 
- Add a 1 minute buffer when loading records from Koha to account for server differences.

###Polaris Updates 
- Fix self registration from when Prompt for Birthdate is on. (Ticket 97640)

###Sierra Updates
- Correct the display of title and author for holds and checkouts of ILL materials in Sierra. (Ticket 94837)
- Do not import titles multiple times and allow large lists to be imported when importing lists from Sierra. (Ticket 96203)

###User List Updates
- Correct deleting selected lists. (Ticket 97167)

###Web Builder & Website Search Updates
- Add new facets within Website Searching for the Site Name and Website Type. (Ticket 84548, 88274)
- Fix searching web pages when at a branch to show the same results when searching by library. (Ticket 87151)
- Custom Pages in Web Builder are now indexed for display within search results.  (Tickets 87306, 96993)
- Fix filtering indexed web pages by URL within the administration page. (Ticket 93150, 97371)
- Ensure that deleted resources and pages are properly removed from the search index. (Ticket 93182, 95626)
- Add a crawl delay when indexing websites with a default of 10 seconds between requests. (Ticket 94196)
- Ensure that pages are cleaned up after Website Settings are deleted. (Ticket 95143)
- Prevent modification of deleted field for website pages that were found during indexing to avoid confusion. (Ticket 96201)
- Use the main section of a webpage as the search description if found. 
- Use a new parser when parsing web pages to better handle poorly formatted pages. 

###Other Updates
- Update so only users with "Administer All Locations" permissions can add or delete locations. (Ticket 82805)
- If a web resource is configured to Open in New Tab, it should no longer trigger browser pop-up blockers. (Ticket 95775)
- Refactor masquerade code to use APIs for future use in apps. 
