###Administration Updates
- If a theme has been extended, the "Use Default" checkbox will instead look at the parent theme colors instead of the default Aspen Discovery colors. (Ticket 90621)
- On prior release notes, Action Items and Testing Suggestions will display, if provided. (Ticket 91566)
- Multiple barcodes can be given administration privileges at once by entering a list of barcode on separate lines. (Ticket 92030)
- Two-factor authentication is now available for libraries to set up for their staff and patrons as an enhanced security measure. The only authentication method available at this time is by email.
- Libraries can set if they want the "Remember Me" checkbox when logging in is checked by default for patrons outside the library.
  ####New Settings
  - Primary Configuration > Two-Factor Authentication
  - Primary Configuration > Library Systems > ILS/Account Integration > Login > Check "Remember Me" by default when outside the library
  - (for Patrons) My Account > Account Settings > Security Settings > 2-Factor Authentication
 
###Aspen LiDA Updates
- Search terms are no longer double-encoded and will once again display results as expected. (Tickets 91495, 91566)
- Fixed an issue that could result in an app crash while trying to load Open Archive records in Browse Categories by temporarily disabling them from loading in Aspen LiDA.

###CARL.X Updates
- Prevent login when additional digits are added to the end of a barcode. (Ticket 92053)

###CloudLibrary Updates
- Ensure that the subtitle is not displayed twice on full record pages.  (Ticket 90308) 

###Course Reserves Updates
- Add a new Library Facet to Course Reserves that can be used if there is more than one library within a system. Libraries can be translated from the original value in the export. (Ticket 85288)

###Evergreen Updates
- Setup for extracting Evergreen records. 

###Forgotten PIN Reset Updates
- PIN Resets can now be done entirely within Aspen to support ILSs that do not allow forgotten PIN functionality to be customized (currently Polaris, Ticket 80638). The process is as follows:
  - Patron selects the Forgot PIN Link. 
  - They are taken to a page where they enter their barcode. 
  - An email is then sent to them based on the email address on file. If no email is found, they are given an appropriate message.  
  - When the patron clicks on the link in the email or enters the token into the resulting page, the token is validated and they are given the opportunity to set a new PIN. 
  - When the patron submits the new PIN, the PIN is reset in the ILS and the patron will be logged in. 

###Indexing and Grouping Updates
- When determining which title to use for a grouped work, prefer records with a format category of Books, then eBooks, then all other format categories. (Was using formats to determine the order).  (Ticket 87598)
- When setting a title for a grouped work, ensure the subtitle is from the title that was used. (Ticket 87598)
- When indexing barcodes, do not index zero length barcodes.

###Interface Updates / Usability
- Libraries can choose to now up the minimum contrast to 7.0 for themes in Layout Settings. By default, it is set to the current default minimum value of 4.5. (Ticket 87240)
- Editions are now wrapped in a responsive container to let it scroll horizontally instead of scrunching. (Ticket 88211)
- Adjusted title details templates so that on smaller devices the column text won't overlap in some cases. (Ticket 88687)
- The label for the main search bar should now be handled better by screen reader devices. (Ticket 88873)
- On the Recommended For You page after pressing "Don't Recommend", the grouped work will be hidden immediately instead of after refresh. (Ticket 90638)
- When "Hide Covers" is turned on the "Don't Recommend" button will display in the result toolbar instead on Recommended For You. (Ticket 90638)
- If trying to access the Add to List button while not logged in, the user will be prompted to log in. (Ticket 91417)
- Minor UI adjustments to Account templates.
  ####New Settings
  - Theme & Layout > Layout Settings > Minimum contrast required for themes

###Koha Updates
- Utilize Koha REST APIs rather than the ILS-DI interface when placing holds.  Corrects issues with hold limits not being respected all the time as well as hold cancellation dates.  (Tickets 78020, 87531, 87553, 87570, 87628, 89307, 90285) 
- When determining which items are In Transit, account for the date cancelled field added in Koha 21.05.  (Tickets 91947, 91998, 92094)
- Added integration of the Curbside Pickup plugin in Koha for patron use. The module will only display in Aspen Administration if it's been enabled in Koha.
  ####New Settings
  - Curbside Pickup > Settings
  - Primary Configuration > Locations > Patron instructions for curbside pickup

###OverDrive Updates
- Do not show client secrets within settings for OverDrive scopes if they are different than the main secret. 
- Add additional error handling when checking out titles to see if the patron is valid within OverDrive. 

###Polaris Updates
- Extract Public Notes for Items from Polaris for display within Aspen. (Ticket 91836)
- Self Registration for Polaris patrons can now be done within Aspen. (Ticket 89544)
- Updating Patron information for Polaris patrons now takes into account all Polaris fields. (Ticket 92031)

###Reading History Updates
- Updates for marking that a title is no longer in use to account for cases where a title has been checked out multiple times. (Ticket 88158, 91565)

###Reports & Statistics
- Aspen will now track the usage of web resources on the Usage Dashboard.

###Search Updates
- Fixes for start of title searching to ensure multiple word terms work properly. (Tickets 79597, 81172, 82520, 83817, 86225, 86558, 87361, 88219, 88736, 89446, 90463, 90480, 90550, 91160)
- Improve searching for terms that include diacritics. (Ticket 76300, 84969, 87361, 88232)
- Fixes for searching for terms that include -- followed by a letter. (Ticket 89295)
- Fixes for searching for emojis and other non-ascii characters.  (Ticket 89295)

###Sierra Updates
- Extract Item Public Note from item variable field. (Ticket 91316)
- Ensure that reading history can be loaded from Sierra when Sierra incorrectly reports that reading history is not active. (Ticket 91842)  
  #### New Settings
  - Indexing Profiles > Sierra Field Mappings > Item Public Note Subfield 
  
###Symphony Updates
- Allow holds per bib to be imported from Symphony when a Holds.csv file is provided. Number of holds will be displayed within search results when a title is checked out. (Ticket 87035)
- Correct error loading volume information that occasionally caused the first character of a volume to be cut off. (Ticket 91778) 

###Web Builder Updates
- Allow Web Builder pages that would normally require a login to be accessed without one while in the library. (Ticket 88130)
- Allow Web Resources to require a login before accessing the link, unless accessing in the library. (Ticket 88130)
  #### New Settings
  - Web Builder > Basic Pages > (Page) > Allow access without logging in while in library
  - Web Builder > Custom Pages > (Page) > Allow access without logging in while in library
  - Web Builder > Web Resources > (Resource) > Requires being logged in to access, unless in library 

###Website Indexing Updates
- Add a new page listing all pages that have been indexed for an external site with information about if a page has been deleted and if so, why. (Ticket 88086)

###Other Updates
- Default number of IP Addresses shown by default to 100 when administering IP Addresses. (Ticket 88769)
- Fix so HTML with Descriptions from Content Cafe show properly.  (Ticket 90861, 91233, 91391, 91489)
- Updated Hide User Comments With Bad Words to Hide User Content with Bad Words to more accurately reflect the functionality (Ticket 91646)
- Browse categories for lists, user lists, and course reserves will now show the "More" button if there are more records to load. (Tickets 91677, 91879)
- Fixes for displaying descriptions on small screens.  
- Add additional descriptive information to the Nightly Index Log and ILS Export Log to explain the differences. 
- Solr debugging is now controlled by IP Address show debugging information rather than by the config file.
- Updates to caching of IP address information when changing the IP address settings.  
- Add ILS to greenhouse.