###Account Updates
- Add a new setting to allow Reading History to be disabled. (Ticket 91055)
  ####New Settings
    - Primary Configuration > Library Systems > ILS/Account Integration > Enable Reading History
- Add a new setting to allow Saved Searches to be disabled. (Ticket 91055)
  ####New Settings
  - Primary Configuration > Library Systems > ILS/Account Integration > Enable Saved Searches
- Make PIN parameters configurable including the minimum and maximum length and if only digits are allowed. 
  ####New Settings
  - Primary Configuration > Library Systems > ILS/Account Integration > PIN / Password > Minimum PIN Length
  - Primary Configuration > Library Systems > ILS/Account Integration > PIN / Password > Maximum PIN Length
  - Primary Configuration > Library Systems > ILS/Account Integration > PIN / Password > Only digits allowed in PIN

###Aspen LiDA Updates
- On the Item Details screen, there's now an option to see the copy information similar to Aspen Discovery. (Tickets 90666, 92897)
- Fixed an issue with single branch libraries and placing ILS holds that resolved in a "400 Error". (Ticket 92913)
- Patrons can now view, add, and remove linked accounts.
- Patrons can now view holds and checkouts from linked accounts.
- The Account screen has been re-designed as a drawer to access account details.
- Fetching updated data should happen a bit more frequently in the background while using the app.
- On the Contact screen, patrons will now see the name of the library that they're logged into.

###Evergreen Updates
- Add module for Evergreen
- Automatically load libraries and locations using the OpenSRF APIs.  
- Place bib level holds within Aspen.
- Cancel holds within Aspen.
- Freeze and thaw holds within Aspen.
- Change pickup locations for holds within Aspen.
- Load account summary for Evergreen.
- Display current checkouts within Aspen.
- Renew checkouts within Aspen.
- Show Evergreen fines within Aspen.
- Allow indexing Evergreen bibs and items based on MARC exports. 

###FOLIO Updates
- Add module for FOLIO

###Grouped Work Display
- Updated **Show Staff View** within Grouped Work Display Settings to add a third state of Show for staff only.  With this setting, only staff users (users with a Role assigned in Aspen or where the PType is marked as Treat As Staff) will be shown staff view when viewing the full record page. (Tickets 91055, 93745)
- The label for "Appears on List" will now be properly aligned with the surrounding labels. (Ticket 93978)
- Allow Citation Style Guides to be disabled by library
  ####New Settings
  - Primary Configuration > Library Systems > Catalog Enrichment > Show Style Guides

##Koha Updates
- When authenticating with Koha, use a POST request rather than GET request. 

##Materials Request
- Correct un-assigning a staff member from a request and handle changing status when no staff member is assigned. (Ticket 94529, 94530)
- Translation updates.

##Polaris Updates
- Update Polaris indexing to mark Library Use Only titles as available. 
- Update saving account settings to not try to update phone and notice settings if they are disabled by the library. 
- Allow Polaris holds to be suspended until a specific date. 

###Search Updates
- Make additional searches case-insensitive. (Tickets 94019, 94233)
- Updates to better handle possessive searches (Ticket 94283)
- Updates for handling of stop words in some searches. (Tickets 94283)
- Correct showing formats that contain a + symbol when the format is selected (i.e. Book + CD and Book + DVD) (Ticket 94121)
- Add a new interface to test searches and search relevancy.  Terms can be entered for testing with a list of grouped work ids that should be found or that should be excluded. 

###Sierra Updates
- Updates when converting from dollars to cents when recording fine payments. (Ticket 94931)

###Support Updates
- Allow connection to a ticketing system. 
- Display a list of all active tickets for a library. 
- Allow libraries to set development priorities for their outstanding tickets. 

###Symphony Updates
- When placing holds and loading holds, checkouts, and reading history handle bib id's starting with u. (Ticket 93424)
- When placing a hold, use the physical location of the catalog, or the pickup location as the location where the hold was placed. (Ticket 94105)
- When loading fines, check to see if the fine total does not match the account summary and if so, clear the account summary. (Ticket 94168)

###User List Updates
- When displaying user lists, do not allow lists to be emailed if Show Email This is disabled within Full Record settings for the library. (Ticket 91055)

###Other Updates
- The getPatronProfile method in the User API will now properly return card expiration data. (Ticket 83200)
- Only open new tab when accessing a web resource that is set to open in a new window. (Tickets 93499, 93572, 94069)
- Make messages when freezing, thawing, and cancelling multiple holds translatable. (Ticket 93903)
- Required fields in the Aspen Materials Request system now have a label. (Ticket 93945)
- Make buttons for displaying OverDrive Previews translatable. (Ticket 94053)
- When indexing titles, check for titles longer than 750 characters and properly truncate them. (Ticket 94367)
- When generating coordinates in Location Settings, Aspen will ignore the # symbol which was causing an incomplete request to Google Maps API. (Ticket 94501)
- Correct breadcrumb for ratings page. (Ticket 94572)
- Fix access to private lists when using the ListAPI - getListTitles (Ticket 94907)
- When loading Aspen, handle cases where the default library is not set properly. 
- Increase the length of the display name field for library settings.
- Increase the length of the regular expression to validate zip codes. 
- Do not time out when exporting translations. 
- Allow properties with a type of text area to be displayed in a list of objects. 
- Enable Rewrite Engine by default in apache config to make it easier to add rewrites. 
- When displaying permissions for a role, automatically open any sections that have selected permissions. 
- Create scripts for moving files between servers.
