###Aspen LiDA Updates
- Increased the amount of time allowed to fetch and render browse categories and the items within them. (Ticket 92099)
- Updated the Manage Browse Categories screen to show the parent category name.
- After updating the hidden/shown browse categories from the Manage Browse Categories screen, the Discover screen will force an update the next time it is loaded.
- Quick Searches can now be customized per library.
- Added an error and crash reporting module to better diagnose and fix errors in production apps.
- Added the ability to send over-the-air updates to production apps, reducing the time necessary to push fixes and updates to production apps.
- Added the ability to create additional independent instances of Aspen LiDA, i.e. for library branded apps.
- Added the option for dark mode.
- Added support for both portrait and landscape orientation.
- Theme colors are now inherited from Aspen Discovery.
- Libraries now have an Aspen LiDA Settings in Primary Configuration that handles some customization for library branded versions of Aspen LiDA.
####New Settings
  - Primary Configuration > Library Systems > Aspen LiDA > Quick Searches
  - Primary Configuration > Aspen LiDA Settings

###Evergreen Updates
- Allow Evergreen Patrons to login. 
- Display Account Summary for Evergreen patrons. 
- Display fines for Evergreen patrons. 
- Display holds for Evergreen patrons. 

###FOLIO Updates
- Create initial project so indexing FOLIO data can begin.

###ILL Updates
- Enable showing links to INN-Reach with optional sample results from INN-Reach at the end of search results. 

###Indexing Updates
- When loading formats from the 007 field, properly handle cases where the indexing had previously determined the format was a Book to avoid conflicts. (Ticket 93494) 
- Handle NR movie ratings for Hoopla.  

###Open Archives Updates
- Allow multiple regular expressions to be used for finding images for Open Archives. (Ticket 87835)

###OverDrive Updates
- When OverDrive titles are On Order, show a status of On Order within search results and full record views. (Tickets 79090, 89832)

###Search Updates
- Improved handling of search terms that end with a question mark. i.e. Do androids dream of electric sheep? or Are you my mother? (Tickets 86028, 88868, 89852, 92142)
- Removed stemming while searching for authors. (Ticket 86572)
- Improve searches where stemming can cause confusing results. I.e. subject searches for production vs. product. (Tickets 92161) 
- When indexing and displaying titles for MARC records, include subfields f and g of the 245 field for archival materials. (Ticket 92524) 

###Web Builder Updates
- Update so recaptcha blocks are properly shown for custom forms that have been embedded on custom pages when the patron is not required to be logged in to submit the form. (Ticket 93294)

###Other Updates
- When showing lists of PTypes add the description to improve usability when working with ILSs that have numeric PTypes
- Update AnodeAPIs to use item information from the database rather than from Solr. (Tickets 91662)
- Fix Anode title lists from being converted to objects rather than arrays. (Ticket 81915) 
- Display titles of archival materials with inclusive and bulk dates (Ticket 92524)
- When masquerading as a user who has two-factor authentication enabled, bypass the two-factor login proccess. (Ticket 92738)
- Restore viewing instance information within the Usage Dashboard. (Tickets 92966, 93542)
- Increase the length of the locations to exclude fields for records owned and records to include in library and location settings. (Ticket 93487)
- Updates for displaying placards when a search term is auto corrected. 
- Added a new API within SystemAPI to retrieve translations from the database.  
- Allow memory cache to be bypassed for a single page load.
- Remove unused Symphony Payment Policy from Library settings. 
