##Aspen LiDA Updates
- 

## Aspen Discovery Updates

###Axis360 Updates
- Additional error handling when Access Token cannot be retrieved from Axis360.

###Evergreen Updates
- Load Patron Types from Evergreen automatically during indexing. (Ticket 104168)
- When placing a hold, load notification preferences for the user. (Tickets 97751, 104167)
- Add a new page to update Hold Notification settings within MyAccount. (Tickets 97751, 104167) 
- When masquerading as a patron, lookup the patron by barcode if the patron has not logged in previously. (Ticket 97715)
- Allow Masquerade Mode to be used with Evergreen with the ability to view account information, place holds, renew checkouts, and freeze and thaw holds. (Ticket 97715)
- Show hold queue position in the hold queue. (Ticket 101240)
- Show number of renewals remaining for checkouts. (Ticket 105142)

###Indexing Updates
- Add number of invalid records to indexing logs and do not generate errors when invalid records are encountered.
- Additional error handling when invalid MARC data is encountered during nightly indexing as well as when extracting records from an ILS.
- When updating child titles based on the 773 fields, restrict the title to 750 characters
- Properly delete parent records when 773 no longer exists. 
- Ensure translation maps are closed after loading them.
- When using item based format mapping and the item level format has been cleared to force bib level evaluation use the original value for the format if the bib format is the same as the item.
- When converting MARC records to JSON and storing in the database remove any tags that are not numeric and properly escape marc indicators. 
- Hide the series label if the 490 field is an empty string

###Koha Updates
- Manual renewals now honor OPACFineNoRenewals and OPACFineNoRenewalsIncludeCredits system preferences. (Ticket 104948)
- Renewals will use the Checkouts API endpoint if Koha is 19.11 or greater.
- Add additional logging of ILS-DI responses during patron login.
- When importing covers that have been uploaded to Koha, properly set file permissions.

###Polaris Updates
- Correct saving Carrier for text messages. (Ticket 104813)

###Symphony Updates
- Force the user to revalidate after a PIN has been reset. (Ticket 104464)

###Other Updates
- Updated UI to show copy summary information in search results in one column instead of two (Ticket 100367)
- Update MARC Holdings display to account for multiple holdings (866 fields) in a single location. (Ticket 101757)
- Fixed an issue where browse category shifts if display is set to Grid (Ticket 102046)
- Allow materials request formats to be deactivated for new requests. (Ticket 102779)
- Fixed an issue where the display title wasn't displaying correctly in LiDA (Ticket 103649)
- When updating a pickup location the options will limited to the format's pickup rule. (Ticket 104752)
- Fixed an issue where the format category filter was displaying incorrect values in the Advanced Search (Ticket 105365)
- Handle search terms being supplied with a q parameter in addition to the lookfor parameter. (Ticket 105677)
- Adjust logging of caching info to only cache for IP addresses with debugging turned on. (Ticket 105519)
- Make the default collection spotlight style Horizontal Carousel.
- Make additional fields translatable within the user interface.
- Automatically compress external request log when running database maintenance. 
- Only force a nightly index to run when Database Maintenance Updates are run rather than when the page is loaded.  
- Access Online links generated from MARC 856 fields will now open in a new tab.
- Do not display expiration warning as a hyperlink. 
- When clearing bib data in Greenhouse, force appropriate indexes to run again.
- When placing a hold only update the preferred pickup location if "Always use this pickup location" is checked.
- Update opacity of covers shown within collection spotlights. 
- Additional logging when there are errors updating the memory cache.
- Minimize information returned by apache headers (do not show OS and additional information)
- Do not return PHP information as part of headers.
- Hoopla records with season/episode information will now display the same title on full record view as they do in search results

###This release includes code contributions from:
- ByWater Solutions
- James Staub
- Theke Solution

_Thanks to all of our contributors!!_