//Mark

###Indexing Updates
- Look at 490 field for series information if not found in the 830 or 800 field.
- Allow processing of links between records using the 773 field. 
- Upgrade MySQL connector to latest version.

###Interlibrary Loan Updates
- Send VDX location for pickup location if a VDX location code is definted for the user's home location. (Ticket 103910)
- Allow the "Accept fee" option to be displayed even when the prompt for Maximum Fee is not displayed. (Ticket 103910)
- When determining if a title should be holdable or request-able via ILL only look at holdable items. (Ticket 101705, 104177)

###Koha Updates
- Correctly return error messaging when placing Koha materials requests. (Tickets 98877, 104028)
- If a patron's home library changes in Koha, reset their preferred pickup location to that library and reset remember pickup location. (Ticket 104060)

###Library Holdings Display
- When Library holdings are found in the 852 and 866 fields display the information within a Library Holdings section. (Ticket 101757) 
  - 852$b is the location code for the holding
  - 852$c is the shelf location for the holding
  - 866$a is descriptive information for the holding. 
  - 852$6 and 866$6 are used to match the 852 and 866 fields. 

###OverDrive Updates
- Force holds to be refreshed after placing an OverDrive hold. (Ticket 104358)

##Record Display
- Add an option in Grouped Work Display Settings to display 856 links as Access Online buttons in full record view as well as search results. 856 fields must have first indicator of 4 and a second indicator of 0.

##Search Updates
- When no results are found with a scope that is not searching all records (availability toggle not set to global), redirect patrons to the all records search automatically with the option to search the local scope. (Ticket 95080. 98864, 99790, 102469, 102807, 103097) 
- When no results are found with a non-keyword search index, redirect patrons to the keyword search automatically with the option to search the local scope. (Tickets 95080. 98864, 99790, 102469, 102807, 103097)
- Both redirects will not happen if Allow Automatic Search Replacements is off for the library. 

##Self Registration Updates
- Add a setting within location settings to determine if a branch is valid for self registration independently of if it is a valid pickup location. 
- Add an option to self register for both cards for adults and minors (Symphony Only) (Ticket 101480)
- Add an option to opt the user into SMS notices during self registration (Symphony Only) (Ticket 101480)
- Optionally allow email and/or phone number to be required during self registration (Symphony Only) (Ticket 101480)

##Symphony Updates
- When indexing Symphony items check iTypes to suppress and formats to suppress defined in the indexing profile. (Ticket 99790, 101705)
- Allow placing holds when the patron has logged in with their Alternate ID. (Ticket 103086) 
- When merging MARC records, create subfield 6 if one does not exist for the 852, 853, and 866 fields to enable loading serials holding information. 
- When loading self registration locations, sort main branches to the top. 

###Web Builder Updates
- Allow updates to basic pages based on the patron's home location. 

###Other Updates
- Fix notice while placing holds if debugging is on (Ticket 104233)
- Fix saving the Show On Donations Page within the Locations settings.  
- Update selected colors for default theme.
- Increase the length of statuses to suppress within Indexing Profiles.

//Kirstien
##Aspen LiDA Updates
- If a grouped work has fewer items without volumes than with, prompt the user to either place a volume-level or bib-level hold. (Ticket 103705) 
- Fixed an issue keeping Quick Searches from displaying in the specified order. (Ticket 104184)
- Users can now view and cancel their VDX interlibrary loan requests on the Holds screen.
- Users can now request and submit a VDX interlibrary loan request if prompted ("Request" button) on the Grouped Work screen.
- Users have a new section on the Notification preferences screen that allows them to enable/disable different notification types.
- Added configuration for sending custom notifications to users in Local Catalog Enrichment > LiDA Notifications.
- Added a notification type "Custom alerts" in Aspen LiDA > Notification Settings.
- Added a new permission in the Aspen LiDA section to allow staff to send custom LiDA notifications.
- If displayed, the System Recommendations browse category will now properly load additional results.

 **New Settings**
 - Local Catalog Enrichment > LiDA Notifications

##Aspen Discovery Updates
###Koha Updates
- Fixed an issue where patron date of birth not being formatted as expected when sending to Koha. (Ticket 99399)

###Interface Updates
- Added option in Grouped Work Display Settings to move the Search Tools to the top of the results page and condense them into a drop-down menu.
- Added option in Themes to allow for a full width header and footer.
- Added option in Themes to change cover image display between floating and bordered styles.

**New Settings**
 - Catalog/Grouped Works > Grouped Work Display > Search Results > Show Search Tools at Top of Results
 - Theme & Layout > Themes > Make Header & Footer Full Width
 - Theme & Layout > Themes > Cover Image Style

###Web Builder Updates
- For image cell types, added options to provide alt text for better accessibility and options to decide what happens when a user clicks on it. (Ticket 100426)

###Other Updates
- Added the ability to copy Grouped Work Display Settings objects.
- Added the ability to copy Grouped Work Facet Groups objects.
- When creating new permission roles, you can now copy settings from an existing role.
- While managing permission roles, there's now a "Select All" button in each section.

//Kodi
###Format Updates
- 710 field now checked for: Playaway Launchpad, Playaway Bookpack, and Playaway Wonderbook (Ticket 95512)
- Added check for wonderbooks in filterPrintFormats() (Ticket 100407)
- 250a field now checked for: Playaway, Playaway View, Wonderbook, GameCube, Nintendo Switch, Book Club Kit, Vox (Ticket 101367)
- 300a field now checked for: Playaway View and Wonderbook (Ticket 95261)
- 538 field now checked for: "4k" and "blu-ray" OR "4k" and "bluray" for 4K Blu-Ray format (Tickets 95261, 89326)
- Added check for volume/volumes/v. in 300a field to help identify Book+CD formats (Ticket 101090)
- 250a field now checked for: "pop-up" and "mini-pop-up" for pop-up books (Ticket 85476)
- 650a and 655a fields now check for: "toy and movable books" and "pop-up" for pop-up books (Ticket 85476)

###Other Updates
-Fix "Duplicate HooplaId" Error (Ticket 93619)
-Fixed a language issue that cause invalid grouped work ids to be created (Tickets 100476 & 104038)
-Fixed an error bots were throwing with Prospector searches
-Fixed an error when trying to place a hold on records that no longer exist

//Other