##Aspen LiDA Updates
- When hiding or showing a browse category from Discovery or Manage Browse Categories, the display of that category will properly toggle. (Ticket 91816, 95462)
- The switches on Manage Browse Categories screen will now "stick" to the new state when toggling. (Ticket 105195, 95462)
- If changes are made to a user list My Lists screen reflects them. (Ticket 102263)
- If a grouped work has fewer items without volumes than with selecting bib-level will now properly place a hold. (Ticket 105790)
- The Manage Browse Categories screen will only list expected browse categories. (Ticket 106253)
- Fixed an issue that would prevent Aspen LiDA from communicating with Aspen Discovery if a URL had changed. (Ticket 106344)
- On the Checkouts and Holds screen, the action buttons were moved to the top due to clipping of the viewing area in some cases. (Ticket 106782)
- The applied sort method for a search is now properly labeled in Filters.
- If a list is created from an item, make sure that new list is available to add another item and is selected as the last list used.
- Opening the modal to add an item to a list is more performant.
- Starting an author search from the Grouped Work screen will no longer crash the app.
- More consistent updating of lists, holds, checkouts, and browse categories as events around them happen in the app.

## Aspen Discovery Updates
###Account Linking
-Allow patrons to block all linking to their account
-Allow patrons to unlink accounts that manage them
- Hide/show account link settings when users toggle account linking
- Prompt user to update PIN/Password after removing managing accounts if library allows for PIN reset
- Removed old functionality for disabling account linking upon pin reset
- Updated messaging for when accounts are linked to
- Updated messaging for when linkees remove managing accounts or disable account linking
- Correct Show Password functionality when adding linking to another account.

###Browse Category Updates
- When adding new browse categories, add an option to not add the new browse category to the home page automatically. (Ticket 99997)
- Fixed messaging issue when not adding browse category to home page (Ticket 9997)

###Evergreen Updates
- Update messaging when there are no records to delete.  

##Indexing Updates
- Add an index to the author authorities table to improve indexing time.  
- When looking up author authorities make sure blank authors are skipped. 
- Suppress authority records (leader position 6 of z) when they are encountered as part of Bib Exports. 

###Koha Updates
- Allow patrons to sort their holds by date placed for Koha (Ticket 97694)
- Add additional error checking when validating users within Koha. 
- Handle very long author authorities when loading them from Koha.

###Open Archives Updates
- Fix cases where Open Archives thought it was running even though it wasn't. (Ticket 106966)

###Polaris Updates
- Allow patrons to update their username. (Ticket 101642)

###Symphony Updates
- When a preferred name is present within an account, use that for Display Name and allow patrons to update their preferred name. (Ticket 101603)

###User List Updates
- Allow libraries to prevent patrons from entering descriptions and notes for lists. (Ticket 103678)
- Allow libraries to predefine a set of list names that can be used when creating lists. Patrons will not be able to define their own custom list names. (Ticket 103678)
  **New Settings**

  - Library > Catalog Enrichment > Enable List Descriptions & Notes
  - Library > Catalog Enrichment > Allowable List Names
  
###Web Builder Updates
- On custom forms allow the introductory text to be included in the form submission email.
  **New Settings**

  - Web Builder > Custom Forms > Include Introductory Text in Email
- If a user does not have permission to view a page, return a 401 error rather than a 404 error.

###Other Updates
- Fixed an issue where in a Collection Spotlight there was no space between the book's title and the connector 'by' (Ticket 92988)
- Fixed an issue where editList in List API wouldn't accept some values for the public/private status. (Ticket 96832)
- Make "More Formats/Authors/etc" and "Apply Filters" translatable for multiselect popups (Ticket 105064)
- Allow the use of ' in translations for advance search join options (Ticket 105064)
- Escape Options in admin forms to avoid broken javascript.
- Determine if hold position is shown based on catalog driver rather than hardcoded in hold display.
- Add tracking of development tasks and scheduling within Aspen Greenhouse.
- Update tickets to include related components.
- Show error messages when an error occurs creating a new object within Admin forms. 
- Allow hiding properties in one to many lists within Admin forms. 
- Add control over whether history links are shown within Admin lists of objects.
- Do not allow batch deleting objects if the user cannot delete individual objects.
- Update Help text for PayPal Sandboxes
- Update tooltip for Salutations field in self registration and contact information
- Clear runtime data prior to fetching a row from the DB to better handle dynamic columns.
- Added getListDetails to List API to return information about a given list.
- Added updateBrowseCategoryStatus to User API to either dismiss or show a browse category.
- Added getBrowseCategoryListForUser to Search API to return a simple list of browse categories for a user without
  records.
- If a user logging in via SSO is not yet in the database, try to create one using self-register.

###This release includes code contributions from
- ByWater Solutions
- Theke Solutions

_Thanks to all of our contributors!!_