##Aspen LiDA
- Fixed a bug when upgrading to 22.12.00 from 22.11.00 that would invalidate stored data and prevent the app from loading correctly. In these cases the user will now be prompted to log back in to start a new session.

##Aspen Discovery
###Axis 360 Updates
- Run all settings in series rather than in parallel. 

###Evergreen Updates
- Improve indexing speed for Evergreen by fetching multiple bib records in parallel and then regrouping and reindexing them.
- Only process 12 changed IDs files at a time for performance.
- Additional protection for MARC records that cannot be read. 

###Evolve Updates
- Show items with a status of "Due on ..." as Checked Out within Aspen. (Ticket 107620)

###Symphony Updates
- Allow hold range to be set by library system so hold ranges other than System can be used. (Ticket 105494)
- Fix placing holds on volumes with blank labels. (Ticket 105494)

###VDX Updates
- Update Note field to be sent as Notes. (Ticket 107403)
- Send OCLC NUmber (from 001) as ReqClasmark and ControlNumbers.icn_control_number (without prefix) if available. (Ticket 107403)
- Add the ability to define a new Client Category for the patron based on the PType. (Ticket 107221)

###Other Updates
- Display full owning location for holds rather than just a * when placing volume level holds. (Ticket 105494) 
- Fix so default pickup location is used when placing a volume level hold. (Ticket 105494)
- Allow login while the catalog is offline, but eContent usage is allowed. (Ticket 107962)