## Aspen Discovery Updates

### Browse Category Updates
- Correct an issue where cover images that are wider than they are tall can be stretched incorrectly when displaying Browse Categories.

### Events Updates
- The Event Registration modal button will now work if the custom registration body contains HTML. (Ticket 118826)
- Updated the text displayed on "Add To Your Events" modal.
- Adjusted styling on registration buttons to only show the external link icon when leaving Aspen.
- The "Registration Information" modal will no longer try to automatically redirect the user and will instead require them to click a button to leave Aspen.
- Added ability to edit facets for all event integrations.
- Added ability to disable/enable facet counts for events separately from grouped works.
- Added ability to set a specific number of days to index events for (i.e. 60, 90, 365).
- Add a new facet to limit events to a range of start dates.
- Allow debugging of event relevancy.

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Permissions
- Administer Events Facet Settings

#### New Settings
- Events > Events Facet Settings
- Events -> LibraryMarket - Library Calendar Settings -> Number of Days To Index
- Events -> Springshare - LibCal Settings -> Number of Days To Index
- Events -> Communico - Attend Settings -> Number of Days To Index
</div>


### Koha Updates
- If patrons are allowed to manually renew checkouts scheduled for auto-renew, they now have the option to renew early.
- Add option to include custom ILL item types for checkouts, holds, and reading history. If none are defined, Aspen will assume the previous default of "ILL".
<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Settings
- Library Systems > Interlibrary loans > Interlibrary Loan Item Types
</div>

### SSO Updates
- Updated SAML, LDAP, and oAuth authentication to support the splitting of the username and barcode fields in the database.

### Other Updates
- Separated the translation use of "Checked Out" depending on if referring to a patron having a checked out item or if it's just representing the status. (Ticket 113412)
- When showing the "Where is it?" dialog, sort locations in the following order:. (Ticket 113971)
  - Active Library (if in a branch)
  - Home Library (if logged in)
  - Nearby Libraries (for user if logged in)
  - Nearby Libraries (if in a branch)
  - Other branches at the library system in alphabetical order (if the system is multi-branch and they aren't shown above)
  - All other branches in alphabetical order
- For ILL items, hide "While You Wait" in Holds, "You May Also Like" in Reading History and Checkouts, and Freeze/Thaw options in Holds. (Ticket 118620)
- Split username and barcode fields for Users within the database.

## This release includes code contributions from
- ByWater Solutions

_Thanks to all of our contributors!!_