## Aspen LiDA Updates
- Fixed a bug when accessing titles from a list of list browse category. (Ticket 112819)
- Updated the sizing and proportions for cover images to display more of cover. (Ticket 112887)
- Added padding to messaging on Reading History. (Ticket 112887)
- Removed the 'X' option to close the library card popup to reduce issues with barcode scanners, users will now have to tap outside of the modal to close. (Ticket 112887)
- Reduced the overall darkness of the modal background when accessing the library card to reduce issues with barcode scanners. (Ticket 112887)
- When deleting a list, users will be properly redirected back to My Lists. (Ticket 113860)
- Fixed a bug where certain screens would allow you to Go Back when not expected. (Ticket 114003)
- Renewing All now includes linked account titles. (Ticket 114105)
- Updated Discovery data fetch points to cache and update in the background to enhance overall performance. 
- Fixed a bug with formats on grouped works when viewing the Recommendations For You browse category.

## Aspen Discovery Updates
// mark
### Browse Category Updates
- Added a new permission to allow staff to be assigned to edit specific Browse Category Groups. When this permission is assigned, 
staff will be able to edit the groups they are assigned to and will have access to add Browse Categories that are shared with 
their library. When creating new browse categories, staff will be able to update categories that are active in the group they
are assigned to, and will only be able to add the new category as a subcategory of an active category in their group(s). If 
add to homepage is selected during creation, the category will be added to the first group the staff user has access to. (Ticket 87435)

<div markdown="1" class="settings">
#### New Permissions
- Administer Selected Browse Category Groups - Allows the user to view and edit only the Browse Category Groups they are assigned to.

#### New Settings
- Local Catalog Enrichment > Browse Category Groups > Additional Users who can edit this group
</div>

### Evergreen Updates
- When logging in with Evergreen username, store patron barcode within Aspen to allow connections to OverDrive, Hoopla, etc to work. (Ticket 113235)  
- When masquerading ensure password/pin information is not cleared to allow connections to OverDrive, Hoopla, etc to work. (Ticket 113235) 

### Hoopla Updates
- Ensure Hoopla titles are not tagged as adult if the audience is found using genres. (Ticket 112775)

### Sierra Updates
- Allow Sierra MatType to be used as part of format determination when bib level format determination is used. (Ticket 113998) 
- Updates for exporting item URL from Sierra. 
<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Settings
- ILS > Indexing Profiles > Sierra Settings > Check Sierra Material Type during format determination
</div>

### Other Updates
- Update Markdown editors to respect a maximum length and provide feedback on the number of characters that have been entered so far. (Ticket 110840)
- If a web resource cannot be opened in a new tab, open in the current tab. (Ticket 114147)
- Perform nightly updates of the system for CentOS and Redhat based systems. (Ticket 112889)
- Change the default day that New York Times Lists are updated. 
- Set metadata for the translation term when translating facet values

// kirstien
### ECommerce Updates
- PayPal Payflow is now a supported vendor. (Tickets 110947, 111937)

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Permissions
- Administer PayPal Payflow - Controls if the user can change PayPal Payflow settings. 

#### New Settings
- ECommerce > PayPal Payflow
</div>

### Grouped Work Updates
- Added option to display the bookcovers for editions after opening "Show Editions".
- For better performance, the Show Editions button will now fetch data on demand instead of at the time of search.

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Settings
- Catalog / Grouped Works >  Grouped Work Display > Search Results > Show Covers for Editions
</div>

### Single Sign-on (SSO) Updates
- Added support for student users for authentication by SAML. (Ticket 111134)
- Added option to bypass local Aspen login for patron-facing workflows to immediately redirect to SSO portals. (Ticket 111134)
- Added support for SAML IdP attributes for determining a user type (Staff, Student) that come in as an array. (Ticket 111134)

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Settings
- Primary Configuration > Single Sign-on (SSO) Settings > Bypass the Aspen Discovery patron login page
</div>

### Other Updates
- Fix coloring for buttons inside alerts. (Ticket 113596)
- When viewing the list of Hidden Browse Categories display the parent category to a sub-category, if available. (Ticket 114291)
- Fixed a bug when accessing the Show Hidden Browse Categories modal if My Lists or My Saved Searches categories are hidden. (Ticket 114291)
- In the Search API searchLite will now return applied filters.
- For overall better performance, translations will only be updated from the community during off hours instead of on-demand.

// kodi
- Search errors for event searches now show solr information
- Updated search relevancy for event searches to prefer a patron's home location first
- Added a table located in event settings to map location names in Aspen to location names in event integrations
- Events in "Your Events" sort by most recent for the "past" and "all" view
- Added options to uploading cover images
  - Bib level:
    - Apply to Only This Record 
    - AND Apply to Grouped Work (default)
  - Grouped work level upload:
    - Apply to Only Grouped Work 
    - Also Apply to All Records 
    - Also Apply to All Records with a Default Cover (default)
- Fixed an issue where clearing uploaded covers on the bib record level wasn't working
- If uploading a cover for a grouped work with only one record, use that cover image for the individual record as well as the grouped work

// other
### Koha Updates
- Respect maximum and minimum password lengths when self registering for an account. 

##This release includes code contributions from
- ByWater Solutions
- Theke Solutions 

_Thanks to all of our contributors!!_