### Aspen Discovery
#### Browse Category Updates
- Fix permission the "Administer Selected Browse Category Groups" so Browse Categories can be created from lists. 
- Limit the available parent categories shown when creating a browse category from a list to only include categories the active user can edit. 

#### eCommerce Updates
- URL Encode Password when sending to Comprise. 

#### Evergreen Updates
- Add additional logging when fine payments do not go through to Evergreen. (Ticket 116234) 

#### Hoopla Updates
- Allow extracting a single record from Hoopla.
- When indexing by day, do not add log entries when the extract is not done. 
- When running a full update, do not attempt to delete records if errors were encountered during the extract, and force another full update the next time the index starts. 
- Allow viewing only Hoopla log entries that have errors. 

#### Sierra Updates
- Correct loading the status of INN-Reach holds that are ready for pickup. (Tickets 114110, 112968)
- Include the name of the Interlibrary Loan System when loading holds and checkouts from INN-Reach (Ticket 114110) 

#### Single Sign-on Updates
- Redirect the user to the correct previous location after logging in with SAML (Ticket 111134)
- SAML login requests will now force re-authentication with the IdP (Ticket 111134)
- Send SAML logout requests through the SLS service with the IdP (Ticket 111134)

#### Other Updates
- Fix retaining filter parameters when navigating between pages in Indexing Logs
- Correct typo in default database
- Updates for ticket reports

###This release includes code contributions from
- ByWater Solutions

_Thanks to all of our contributors!!_