##Aspen Discovery
### Indexing Updates
- Add new personal name facet based on 600abd. (Ticket 109708) 
- Add new corporate name facet based on 610abd. (Ticket 109708)
- Allow personal and corporate names to be excluded from the Topics Facet. 
- New facets will influence spelling suggestions as more like this titles.  
- Index 856 URLs as eContent items.
- Updates for determining if eContent from the ILS is included within a scope.
- When indexing parent/child records, ensure that all data from children is included in the indexed record for the parent. 
- When indexing parent/child records, make sure the parent record is used for the display title.
- Updates to make sure that empty 856$u URLs are not treated as eContent.
- Remove "Show 856 Links as Access Online Buttons" from Grouped Work Display Settings in favor of indexing 856 links in Indexing profiles. 
- Add the ability to process all empty grouped works either from teh command line or with a system variable during nightly indexing.
- Do not use 037b or item location to determine eContent Source when indexing items. (Koha)

### Record Display Updates
- Display continues and continued by sections based on the 780 and 785 fields respectively. 
- Update display of contained records to include more information.
- Make sure child records are not shown when listing manifestations in search results. 
- Hide copies section if a record has child records and no physical items attached to it.  
- Change section name from Copies to Links for eContent records
- Links shown within record results will now open in a new tab. 

### Search Updates
- Allow facet values to be searched so patrons can find values beyond the first 100. (Tickets 90705, 92967)

### Other Updates
- Add additional information to staff view. 
- Allow searching of the administration home page. 