##Aspen LiDA Updates
- Linked account barcodes have been added to the Card screen. (Tickets 93235, 101350, 103975, 106782, 106787)
- To handle changes with hidden/shown browse categories in Aspen Discovery, the Manage Browse Category screen in Aspen LiDA will update more frequently. (Ticket 96276)
- Reading History has been added into Aspen LiDA, accessible from the Account drawer. (Ticket 101431)
- If a hold is in "Position: 0" it will present a useful status like "In Transit" and hide the position rank. (Ticket 103866)
- When accessing the Card screen, the screen will update to full brightness and return to the previous setting after moving to a different screen. (Ticket 104581)
- Changed how the notification toggles in Notification Settings are handled to have more consistent results. (Tickets 105463, 107450)
- Grouped Work screen was redesigned to handle large amounts of data in a more performant way resulting in a single action button per variation. (Tickets 106117, 106423)
- Statuses on the Grouped Work screen will now match more closely to Aspen Discovery. (Ticket 106858)
- Added paging and sorting to user lists. (Ticket 107075)
- If a hold status is available for an item it will display. (Ticket 107278)
- Fixed a bug that could cause linked accounts to not display. (Ticket 107452)
- All expected copies will now display in the "Where is it?" modal. (Ticket 107512)
- Users will now receive a notification when someone has linked to their account.
- Added the number of linked and linkee accounts for the user to the Account drawer.
- Users can now remove an account that has linked to them from the Linked Accounts screen.
- To increase performance search results now have paging options at the bottom instead of infinite scroll.
- After a new list is created, you'll now find it as an available list to add titles to in a timely manner.
- Browse Categories based off lists of lists will return expected results again.
- Loading All Categories from Discovery screen will be presented when all categories are not yet loaded.

## Aspen Discovery Updates
### Account Integration Updates
- Fixed an issue placing holds on multi-edition items that are checked out or in transit (Ticket 107860)

### Account Linking Updates
- Add message under "Your Account" on /MyAccount/Home that shows accounts that have linked to the user
- Added ability to assign account linking settings by patron type, individual and bulk updates of this setting will relay messaging to admin notifying them of what these changes will do

### Aspen LiDA Updates
- LiDA Notifications module has been moved from Local Catalog Enrichment to Aspen LiDA admin section. (Ticket 107138)
- Added "Account Alerts" as a Notification Type to Aspen LiDA Notification Settings.

### Browse Category Updates
- When adding a browse category, Aspen will remember if the user last added one to the home page or not and will check/uncheck the "Add to Home Page" box accordingly (Ticket 99997)
- When adding a browse category, categories listed in the "Add as a Sub-Category to" dropdown will include the category's id number to the right of the name (Ticket 99997)

### eCommerce Updates
- Added InvoiceCloud as a vendor for handling user payments.

**New Settings**
- eCommerce > InvoiceCloud

### Indexing Updates
- Records Owned and Records To Include data will all be held in the Records To Include table - To mark a scope as owned, check the box under "Owned?" in Records To Include
- If a MARC Record is defined as audio/music in the leader. Properly handle literary forms of Not Coded when determining Literary Form. (Ticket 107330)
- Add an index to record_parents to improve index performance

### Koha Updates
- Make messages returned from Koha when submitting a materials request translatable. (Ticket 107178)
- When submitting a materials request, ensure the copyright date (if provided) is numeric. (Ticket 107178) 

### Novelist Updates
- For those with Novelist: when updating grouped work display info for series/volume, use the updated info instead of Novelist data (Tickets 93967, 100475, 104760, 106835)
- Add a Novelist test page to test what information we get from Novelist for specific ISBNs

### Sierra Updates
- Fixed an issue where patron names were displaying incorrectly for Sierra libraries (Ticket 106295)

### Symphony Updates
- When opting in or out of Reading History in Aspen, also opt in or out of Reading History in Symphony. (Tickets 104957, 106377)
- Updates for importing lists from Enterprise post migration. (Ticket 102255)

### VDX Updates
- Fixes for showing blank VDX Form.

### Website Indexing
- Added functionality to index sitemaps (Tickets 98111, 101111, 103744, 104554, 106206)
- Add a new column for pages that had errors indexing rather than recording them as errors. 

### Other
- Properly format introductory text for custom forms when sending the introductory text in emails. (Ticket 106041)
- Correct showing message to patron after they update showing their preferences (Ticket 108172)
- When enabling search tools, "Show at Top of Page" option will show, if search tools are disabled this option will not display
- Show Admin screen content full width rather than fixed width. 
- Fix error showing home library within eCommerce report if a donation was made by a patron without logging in.
- When showing a borrower review to the user who created it show a delete button so they can remove it.
- Hide previously entered EBSCO EDS passwords.
- Remove the need to define ils within config file.
- Update to PHP 8
- Update to Smarty 4.3.
- Update nightly database dump to handle additional server configurations.
- Optimize some select queries where only specific columns are needed.
- Fixes for administrative patron blocks.
- Updates to install scripts to improve documentation
- Increase the maximum available patron type length. 
- Allow exporting and importing side loaded MARC Records for migrations.
- When saving roles, indicate when a role has been defined by PType. 
- When saving roles, check for existing values rather than rebuilding the links from scratch. 
- Add a log of all database changes made within the greenhouse. 
- Allow Tasks to be easily created from Tickets. 
- Add reports for tickets by partner and tickets by component
- Add report for bugs by severity
- Add Partner Ticket dashboard
- Add Partner Priorities Report
- Remove workspace.xml files from git

###This release includes code contributions from
- ByWater Solutions
- Mike Grgurev - MAIN Library Alliance
- James Staub - Nashville Public Library
- Equinox Open Library Initiative

_Thanks to all of our contributors!!_