## Aspen LiDA Updates
- On the Checkouts screen, the Renew All button once again has a text label in addition to the icon. (Tickets 112688, 112887)
- Fixed a bug where freezing a hold on Android would display an additional date picker after selecting a date. (Ticket 112744)
- When prompting the user with a hold confirmation make sure a label is provided for the "by Email" option. (Ticket 112744)
- Fixed a bug where adjusting Notification preferences caused the app to display a white screen. (Ticket 112956)
- Users are no longer sometimes presented with two successful hold placed prompts. (Ticket 112956)
- If displaying barcodes is disabled in Discovery the app will once again instead display the value without the barcode. (Ticket 113431)
- Materials checked out from Cloud Library are now accessible from the app.

## Aspen Discovery Updates

### Account Updates
- When logging in after resetting PIN/Password from MyAccount/EmailResetPin, redirect user to Account Summary. (Ticket 112403)
- Enable translations to Koha restricted patron message.

### Browse Category Updates
- If user has "Administer Library Browse Categories" permission, the user will not be able to edit browse categories not shared with everyone or their library when editing browse category groups
- Fixed some display issues in browse category groups if the user did not have the "Administer All Browse Categories" permission

### Collection Spotlight Updates
- Update so collection spotlights cannot show more than 100 titles at once. 

### Events Updates
- "Add To Your Events" button will now display as "In Your Events" if user has event saved
- If an event requires registration and is saved to a user's events, a "Check Registration" button will appear above a "Go To Your Events" button
- If an event requires registration and is saved to a user's events, the event listing in their "Your Events" page will have a link to check their registration
- When adding an event that requires registration, users will be notified that saving an event is not the same as registering and they are being redirected to the registration page (Tickets 113097, 112965)
- Private and canceled events will no longer be indexed for Communico
- Search tags will no longer be indexed for Communico (Ticket 112891)
- If a user has registered with their barcode for Communico or Springshare LibCal events, the "Check Registration" button will read "You Are Registered"

### Evergreen Updates
- Allow lists to be imported from Evergreen systems. (Ticket 111823)
- Import Reading History from Evergreen if available. (Ticket 112355)
- Do not import reading history from Evergreen in Masquerade mode. 

### Hold Updates
- When placing volume and item holds, add information to the dropdown that a volume or item needs to be selected, and display an error if nothing is selected. 

### Hoopla Updates
- Update determination of audience for Hoopla to check genres before checking ratings for the record and check genres when the record does not have rating information. (Ticket 112775) 

### Indexing Updates
- When using "Include Library Records to include" only include rows where the library does not own the material. (Ticket 112004)
- Correct cases where a title in brackets would show as Title Unknown in search results. (Tickets 105708, 105945)

### Koha Updates
- Respect the  AllowHoldItemTypeSelection system preference when placing holds to see if item type holds are allowed. (Ticket 113049)

### Open Archives Updates
- Allow last fetched to be set within the admin interface. (Ticket 113397)
- Update to not load identifiers for all previous records into memory to allow very large (2M+) collections to be indexed. (Ticket 113397)  

### Sierra Updates
- Properly delete titles when a 107 response is received from the APIs. (Ticket 102767)
- Handle invalid MARC subfields of " when parsing JSON. When this case is encountered, mark the record as invalid. 

### Single Sign-on (SSO) Updates
- Added option to bypass patron local login screens.
- LDAP users who will not authenticate by ILS are assigned the "admin_sso" account profile for authenticating with the Aspen database.

**New Settings**
- Primary Configuration > Single Sign-on (SSO) > Bypass the Aspen Discovery patron login page

### Symphony Updates
- Load barcode when loading fines from Symphony if available. 

### Theme Updates
- Fix a bug that would prevent modals from displaying in the center of the screen when High Contrast was selected. (Ticket 113149)
- Reduce the 'Explore More' background color to 7% opacity.
- Add options in Theme to customize Tab colors.

**New Settings**
- Theme & Layout > Themes > Tabs

### Other Updates
- Remove additional fields from VDX request when OCLC number does not exist for a record. (Ticket 112154)
- Remove custom code for determining literary forms for Arlington (Ticket 112845)
- Correct updating purchase suggestion formats when a format has been used for an existing materials request. (Ticket 112939)
- To manage Aspen instances more efficiently it's now possible to schedule updates for partners.
- Fix sorting owning location facet to show the active library / location first. 
- Add ils code to getLibraries and getLocations APIs.
- From site status page, redirect to events log when errors are encountered

###This release includes code contributions from
- ByWater Solutions

_Thanks to all of our contributors!!_