##Aspen LiDA Updates
- Fixed a bug when selecting a library at login where in certain cases users would need to "double tap" to select a library. (Ticket 107641)
- Color mode will now be persistent and remember if the user set dark or light mode between different sessions. (Ticket 108145)
- For the Editions screen, "Where is it?" will now have its own line to prevent possible overlap with Place Hold button when the status is lengthy. (Ticket 109127)
- Increased the icon sizes for certain back and close buttons, as well as their hit slop values so that they have a larger interaction area. (Ticket 109128)
- When a user starts a new search the previous options set (facets, filters, sort) will be forgotten. (Ticket 109237)
- Added support for handling HTML entities and special characters formatting on the Grouped Work screen. (Tickets 109700, 109850)
- When loading directions to a library using Apple Maps, it will no longer start you in the Atlantic Ocean. (Ticket 110119)
- Fixed a bug where in certain cases holds were not sorting as expected. (Ticket 110120)
- When reloading holds or checkouts using the "Refresh" button, it will now update the profile data in the Account Drawer as well.
- On the Grouped Work screen, the formats are now again listed in the same order as Discovery.
- On the Grouped Work screen, cover images that do not fill the space will no longer have a stretched background.
- On the Search Results screen, the formats for a grouped work are listed in the same order as Discovery.

## Aspen Discovery Updates

### Account Profile Updates
- Account Profiles are now able to be assigned to library systems.
- Single sign-on is now an option for an authentication method at the Account Profile level.

**New Settings**
- Primary Configuration > Account Profiles > Primary Single Sign-on (SSO) Settings

### Aspen LiDA Administration Updates
- Added General Settings for settings that apply to Aspen LiDA on a library-level. (Ticket 108885)
- Added an option in General Settings to enable automatic rotation to landscape mode when accessing the Library Card screen. (Ticket 108885)
- Renamed App Settings to Location Settings for settings that apply to Aspen LiDA on a location-level.

  **New Settings**
- Aspen LiDA > General Settings
- Aspen LiDA > General Settings > Automatically rotate the library card screen to landscape

### CARL.X Updates
- Do not include item notes when updating items from CARL.X when using the APIs. 

### Evergreen Updates
- Strip out item tags from prior migrations when loading bibs from APIs.

### Indexing Updates
- Trim leading spaces from subject fields. (Ticket 109833)
- Hide irrelevant fields from Indexing Profile settings based on the Indexing class selected.

### Koha Updates 
- Messaging Preferences now have an option to set the preferred language to use when sending out notifications. (Ticket 109877)
- Correct changing home library from Contact Information Screen when the review queue is in use. (Ticket 110610)
- Added support for the pronoun field in the patron record (Koha 22.11 or newer).
- When checking if a patron can update a pickup location on a hold, Aspen will now look at the system preference 'OPACAllowUserToChangeBranch' (Koha 22.11 or newer).
- Added support for canceling waiting holds if permitted by the circulation rules (Koha 22.11 or newer).
- Renamed uses of "renewals" column in issues table to "renewals_count" (Koha 22.11 or newer).

### Record Display Updates
- If a bib record has multiple iTypes (commonly occurs when reference items are on a bib), split the items up by format and display them separately
- Updated the view on the bib record page: if there are various formats, a grouped manifestation of each format will show instead of just a hold button
- On the bib record page, the various formats will display as a comma separated list where record details are displayed
- Only formats that allow holds will display the hold button
- When placing a hold, the hold will follow the rules of the holdable format if there are multiple formats
- If the holdable format allows an item level hold, patrons will only be able to select items of the holdable format
- In the copies panel, all items on the bib record will show, not just the holdable copies
- The above relates to tickets: 70850, 73693, 98762, 97683, 104877

### Materials Request Updates
- Libraries can now receive an email when a Materials Request has been submitted. (Tickets 88154, 88913, 95514, 100672, 103092, 110062)
- Libraries can now send email to staff when they have been assigned a Materials Request. Staff can opt out of receiving emails for newly assigned Materials Requests. (Ticket 94717)
- Fixed a bug that kept Materials Request Management options from displaying in Staff Settings when users had correct permissions. (Ticket 100673)

**New Settings**
- Primary Configuration > Library Systems > Materials Request > Send email to library when Materials Requests are created
- Primary Configuration > Library Systems > Materials Request > Email to receive notifications for new Materials Requests
- Primary Configuration > Library Systems > Materials Request > Send email to staff when they are assigned a Materials Request
- My Account > Account Settings > Staff Settings > Receive an email when a Materials Request is assigned to me

### SSO Setting Updates
- SSO Settings in Library Systems have been removed to create a single source of single sign-on configuration under Primary Configuration.
- For oAuth, added the option to provide fallback values when data mapping.
- Added an option to authenticate only with the single sign-on provider for cases when user accounts are not needed in the ILS.

**New Settings**
- Primary Configuration > Single Sign-on (SSO) Settings > Only authenticate users with single sign-on

### Other Updates
- Added the option for users to ask that the library notifies someone of their donation that is in honor or memory of someone. (Ticket 92113)
- Added paging to Titles You've Rated page to fix possible issues when users have rated large numbers of titles. (Ticket 100970)
- Titles marked as "Not Interested In" have been moved to a separate page in My Account > Recommended For You > Not Interested In Titles. (Ticket 100970)
- Donations Report can now be filtered by the library the donation was to or earmark. (Ticket 104012)
- Added the payment transaction date to the Donations Report. (Ticket 105532)
- In User API, getPatronProfile will now return if the user should be prompted for hold notification preferences, as well as the template information for the prompt (Evergreen). (Ticket 107117)
- Collection Spotlight containers are now named based on their unique ID instead of name to fix some issues when having multiple spotlight tabs with the same name. (Ticket 108620)
- Fixed a bug that would prevent referencing OverDrive covers in a Grouped Work due to size of the string. (Ticket 108871)
- In User API, getPatronProfile will always load in the latest ILS Account Summary regardless of the reload parameter. (Ticket 109717)
- Allow series display order to have decimal portions when setting display info. (Ticket 110359)
- Correct layout of Last Checkout Date (Ticket 110424)
- In the System API, added getTranslationWithValues method to handle translations that have replacement values.
- Added additional styling for focus events on the main search bar inputs.
- Fixed a bug that would load in all browse categories if an assigned Browse Category Group was empty.
- If a Grouped Work has a custom uploaded cover, you can now properly reset it or update the cover.
- Fixed a bug that prevented bookcover_info from updating properly in some cases.
- Start work on a new installer for centos 9

###This release includes code contributions from
- ByWater Solutions
- Theke Solutions

_Thanks to all of our contributors!!_