## Aspen LiDA Updates
- When leaving the Card Screen, restore the system brightness mode. (Ticket 113858)
- Added modal in certain scenarios at launch to prompt the user about their Notification settings. (Ticket 114002)
- Removed HTML entities from coming in when translating text. (Ticket 114861)
- For Android users, tapping on the label of a Select instead of the arrow will no longer result in being able to edit the box. (Ticket 114918)
- Certain sort methods will no longer remove other filters when applied. (Ticket 114949)
- Sorting and paging options have been fixed when viewing a user's list. (Ticket 116447)
- Added toggle on Notification Settings to "Enable all" types of notifications.
- All browse categories are now properly loading records when tapping on the title to view more.

## Aspen Discovery Updates
### CARL.X Updates
- Automatically strip item notes from exported MARC files since they may contain patron identifiers. (Ticket 111985)
- Allow login with barcode/last name configuration. (Ticket 114467)
- Do not update reading history in the evening if the user has not been seen since the last update. (Ticket 114816)
- If the patron's home location changes, update the pickup location to the new home library and turn off remember hold pickup location. (Ticket 115090)

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### Revised Settings
- Account Profiles > Login Configuration - Added Barcode and Last Name
</div>

### ECommerce Updates
- Square is now a supported vendor. (Tickets 88607, 90781, 93851, 95399, 103933, 114342, 114649)
- Updated the tooltips and notes for Payflow Settings.

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Permissions
- Administer Square - Controls if the user can change Square settings.

#### New Settings
- ECommerce > Square
</div>

### Hoopla Updates
- When indexing hoopla titles, make titles sortable. (Ticket 96398)
- When indexing hoopla titles, ensure the eContent Source facet does not include Hoopla if all titles are suppressed due to availability from other sources. (Tickets 96906, 97222)

### INN-Reach Updates
- Allow INN-Reach to be configured to work with any INN-Reach system rather than only working with Prospector (Colorado's INN-Reach System). Now uses the Interlibrary Loan URL for linking. (Ticket 107042)

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### Revised Settings
- Library > Interlibrary loans >  INN-Reach > Repeat In INN-Reach
- Library > Interlibrary loans >  INN-Reach > Enable INN-Reach Integration
- Library > Interlibrary loans >  INN-Reach > Show INN-Reach Results At End Of Search
</div>

### Koha Updates
- Do not update reading history in the evening if the user has not been seen since the last update. (Tickets 93151, 103877, 110106, 114816)
- Properly handle empty format translations for iType and format subfields. (Ticket 114165)

### Masquerade Mode Updates
- Allow the use of Masquerade Mode to be restricted to specific IP addresses.

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Settings
- Library > ILS/Account Integration > Masquerade Mode >  Allow Masquerade Mode - Added Allowed from enabled IP Addresses
- IP Addresses > Allow Masquerade
</div>

### Open Archives Updates
- When indexing open archives, fix setting last seen date for existing records and ensure records are not incorrectly deleted if errors are encountered. (Ticket 114890)

### Polaris Updates
- If the patron's home location changes, update the pickup location to the new home library and turn off remember hold pickup location.
- Correct errors running continuous index if no records have ever been imported. (Ticket 113568) 

### Sierra Updates
- Allow patrons to update their Home Library if enabled in Library Settings. (Ticket 112861)  

### Single sign-on Updates
- When a user logged in via SSO masquerades, they'll no longer be logged out when ending the masquerade session. (Tickets 112327, 114723)

### Symphony Updates
- Hide staff/private/circ notes but show public notes for Symphony if note field is specified in indexing profile. This requires both the Note and Item Record Number subfields to be set in the indexing profile. (Tickets 98483, 105050, 110268)

### Theme Updates
- Add ability to choose a default cover image for default covers generated for library catalog items (Tickets 113975, 100969)
- Default cover images for EBSCOhost databases will use the logo uploaded in EBSCOhost Settings > edit search setting > edit database > logo
- Add ability to upload images for format category icons - two images should be uploaded, one for the selected and the unselected version of the icon

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Settings
- New setting in Themes > Default Cover to add an image to be used for default covers
- New setting in Themes > Format Category Icons to add images for format category icons
</div>

### Third Party Registration Updates
- Add new API to determine what registration capabilities are active on the system.  
- Add an API to lookup account card numbers by email. 
- Add an API to get the format of a registration form.
- Add an API to submit a registration form.
- Add an API to determine how PIN/Password reset will be performed with a link to the reset form.
- Add an API to start the PIN Reset process.

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### Updated Permissions
- Library Self Registration has been renamed Library Registration and controls both

#### New Settings
- Library > ILS/Account Integration > Third Party Registration >  Enable Third Party Registration
- Library > ILS/Account Integration > Third Party Registration >  Home Location for Third Party Registrations
- Library > ILS/Account Integration > Third Party Registration >  Patron Type for Third Party Registrations when address has been validated
- Library > ILS/Account Integration > Third Party Registration >  Patron Type for Third Party Registrations when address has been not been validated
</div>

### Other Updates
- Add check for "playaway launchpad" in 500 note field for Playaway Launchpad format (Ticket 90969)
- Redirect user to My Account page after logging in from a successful self registration. (Ticket 98411)
- Fix an issue where excluded paths for website indexing weren't being honored for those using sitemaps (Ticket 112283)
- Allow horizontal scrolling of MARC records within staff view. (Ticket 115238)
- Correct showing Home Location Name when Home Location cannot be edited.  (Tickets 116465, 116712)
- Automatically Force a reindex if grouped work display info is added, updated, or deleted.
- When creating collection spotlights, default number of titles to show to 25.
- Creates collection report (a full dump of all a Location's items) for Nashville Schools.
- Updates to only save changed data to the database rather than saving the entire row to improve concurrency issues. 
- Cleanup old unused fields in the database.
- Add the servername to slack alerts from the Greenhouse.
- Correct Smarty error viewing people within the Genealogy module. 
- Fix a PHP error when attempting to view an empty result set in an excel view
- Fix a Smarty error on self registration form submission
- Add a format category for Bingepass to clear Hoopla extract errors
- Update database cleanup cron to optimize search table
- Update checks for malicious URLs to look at month and year
- Removed the format icons from While You Wait

## This release includes code contributions from
- ByWater Solutions
- Theke Solutions 
- Nashville Public Library

_Thanks to all of our contributors!!_