##Aspen Discovery
- Updates to avoid warnings and notices after PHP 8 upgrade
- Properly handle cases where a deleted web resource is embedded in a web builder page. 
- Fix uniqueness for API stats to include instance
- Return empty item details to LiDA for invalid records rather than throwing an error
- Fix checking if a patron is expired when checking if a Koha checkout is eligible for renewal
- Correct errors with complex searches
- Fix logging DELETE requests

##Aspen LiDA
- Fixed an issue where in a certain case the status indicator was incorrect. (Ticket 106858)
- If a volume hold is required but a volume id is not present, the hold request will still send the volumeId parameter. (Ticket 107750)
- On the Linked Account screen, truncate the patron name/library name to keep the Remove button from clipping. (Ticket 108325)
- If a grouped work does not have volumes, it will not display the Select a Volume option when placing a hold. (Ticket 108722)
- If a library card does not have an expiration date, it will not display on the Card screen. (Ticket 108724)
- Paging on search results will only show if more than 1 page is returned. (Ticket 108725)
- Paging on search results will only allow you to navigate to the next page if it exists. (Ticket 108725)
- Display the appropriate labels when either placing a hold or checking out a title. (Ticket 108764)
- Temporarily disabled geolocation services for Android devices to resolve a fatal issue with the Expo framework preventing users from logging in. (Ticket 108770)
- Fixed an issue where some barcode values were invalid for the provided barcode style resulting in a fatal error on the Card screen. In these cases the barcode will not display.