##Aspen LiDA Updates
- Holds can be filtered, sorted, and are now separated into pending and ready for pickup. (Ticket 103867) 
- Axis 360 checkouts can now be returned early from the Checkouts screen. (Ticket 108339)
- Fixed a bug that prevented Reading History to load on Android devices. (Ticket 108780)
- If a patron logs in with an expired pin, they will now be prompted to reset it (Koha only).
- Fixed some bugs that prevented VDX requests from being created when using the app.

## Aspen Discovery Updates
### Account Integration
- Add new settings within library settings to control whether the patron should be opted in or out of reading history in the ILS when the opt in/out in Aspen. (Ticket 106433)
- Disable hold button while Aspen is processing placing the hold (Tickets 102832, 105156, 107370, 107474)
- Update "Place Hold" button to "On Hold For %1%" after a hold is successfully placed (Tickets 102832, 105156, 107370, 107474)
- Add confirmation modal for placing duplicate holds
- Allow reading history to be disabled by Patron Type. (Ticket 106458)
- Hide areas of Linked Accounts page if patron does not have needed permissions to take those actions
#### New Settings
- Primary Configuration > Library Systems > ILS / Account Integration > Opting in to Reading History Updates ILS settings
- Primary Configuration > Library Systems > ILS / Account Integration > Opting out of Reading History Updates ILS settings
- Primary Configuration > Library Systems > ILS / Account Integration > Opting in to Reading History Updates ILS settings

### Account Linking Updates
- Allow administrators to prevent users from removing linked accounts by patron type. 

### Axis360 Integration
- Ensure titles are properly deleted when they are no longer marked active within Axis 360. (Ticket 108916)
- When checking availability in Axis 360, retry the API call if it fails to account for server issues. (Ticket 108916) 

### cloudLibrary Integration
- Return a 401 error with an appropriate page if a user is not logged in while attempting to view a cloudLibrary title. 

### Evergreen Updates
- Allow libraries to define how organizational units are defined when loading organizational units from Evergreen. (Ticket 109005)
- Record payments made in Aspen Discovery within Evergreen.

### Evolve Updates
- Protect against null barcodes and locations when updating items. 

### Indexing Updates
- If the 250a contains "Wii U" or "WiiU", the format will be "Nintendo Wii U"
- If the bib info contains indicators for "Kit" or "Book Club Kit", the format will be "Book Club Kit" (Ticket 109072)
- When loading format from the 300 field, do not mark the title as a SoundDisc if the 300a is CD-ROM. 
- Optimize loading authoritative author
- Optimize saving call numbers

### Koha Updates
- When opting in and out of reading history add functionality to opt in and out within Koha as well as Aspen. (Ticket 106433)
- Update for Koha 22.11 to correct loading renewals for checkouts.  

### Open Archives Updates
- Update to better handle OAI-PMH data that has been GZipped. (Ticket 108715)
- Update error messaging as part of site status checks.

### OverDrive Updates
- Update publication date parsing to handle new unexpected formats.

### Polaris Updates
- Additional error trapping for Polaris connections

### Sierra Updates
- Additional error handling when the Sierra APIs cannot return a valid MARC record for an existing bib record. (Ticket 109300)

### SSO Updates
- Added options for customizing the cardnumber and username when creating new accounts.
- Added options for creating staff accounts when also allowing patrons to use single-sign on.
- The login button for SAML is now customizable.
- When allowing a single sign-on service for staff only, it will now hide the login option from the patron login and create a Staff Login link in the footer.
- Added the ability to bypass the Aspen Discovery login page when using the Staff Login link in the footer.

### Symphony Updates
- When changing preferred name for a patron, set the use preferred name checkbox within Symphony. This can be controlled with a new setting in Library Settings. (Tickets 101603, 107189)

### Web Builder Updates
- When accessing pages that need login before viewing the content, make sure the user views the correct content after login. (Ticket 109529)
- Update error messaging as part of site status checks.

### VDX Updates
- When placing VDX holds, return an error if the VDX Client Category is not set for a patron's PType. (Ticket 109761)

### Other Updates
- Fix sorting by title for searching websites, lists, and events (Tickets 94152, 94172, 98808, 104865)
- Fixed a bug in Greenhouse API that would return a partial URL when fetching a theme favicon or logo. (Ticket 108336)
- Correct error changing location on the hours and locations form when the hours and locations form is embedded in a web builder page. (Ticket 109199)
- Fix displaying new stats on the Usage Graphs (Ticket 109298)
- Correct permission for selecting which cover is used within a grouped work. (Ticket 109612)
- Updates for merging duplicate barcodes to improve performance and handle timeouts when there are large numbers of duplicates. 
- Remove ProPay as an eCommerce option.
- Fix showing staff view for eContent stored within the ILS.
- Updates for display label for record variations to avoid translating blank eContent Sources.
- Updates for setting a default indexing profile. 
- Fix directories for installing SimpleSAML for CentOS
- Remove user caching add additional checks when loading users
- Updates to Debian installer
- Don't update unused directories in fix sideload permissions

###This release includes code contributions from
- ByWater Solutions
- Equinox Open Library Initiative
- Nashville Public Library

_Thanks to all of our contributors!!_