### PHP 8 / Smarty Upgrade Tests
All functionality could have some unexpected results so the more testing this release the better! Specific areas to concentrate on are below. 
1. Disabling cover art while viewing search results & account information
2. Searches with special characters (i.e. embedded HTML)
3. Holds with linked accounts
4. Links to the ILS within Staff View for a record


### Updates to the determination of what information is shown based on ILS
1. SMS text notices in profile for Sierra libraries (should not be showing for anyone currently, functionality removed)
2. Suspend allows the display of reactivation date (Carl.X, Koha, Polaris, Symphony)
3. Suspend requires a reactivation date (Carl.X, Koha, Polaris, Symphony)
4. Reactivation date not required (Koha, Polaris, Symphony)
5. Show hold placed date (Koha, Symphony)
6. Show hold expiration time (Symphony)
7. Show out date in checkouts
8. Show number of times renewed in checkouts (Carl.X, Koha, Millennium, Polaris, Sierra, Symphony)
9. Show number of renewals remaining in checkouts (Evergreen)
10. Show current wait list in checkouts
11. Show date in fines (Carl.X, Koha, Symphony)
12. Updating Contact information
13. Display of last check in date within holdings (Sierra, Millennium)
14. Links to old catalog as well as links to staff view
15. Exporting Checkouts to show correct columns
16. Showing Curbside pickup options
17. Showing Checkout Grids (Millennium / Sierra)
18. Indexing Profile Settings for Sierra Field Mappings, Time To Reshelve, and Last Update of Authorities
19. Library Settings for Course Reserves, Scoping, and profile update settings
20. Location Settings for Course Reserves and Scoping
