## Aspen LiDA Updates
- Added "Forgot Password" to the login screen for libraries who have it enabled. (Ticket 110962)
- When viewing a user list from a Browse Category show button to delete the item from the list instead of adding. (Ticket 113451)
- Fixed a bug that would cause the Notifications onboarding prompt to display too frequently. (Tickets 117143, 117300, 118709, 118742, 119718)
- Added "Forgot Barcode" to the login screen for libraries who have it enabled. (Ticket 117851)
- When placing a hold that allowed an item-level selection, and "First Available" is selected, it will no longer treat it as an item-level hold. (Ticket 119396)
- Filtering on My Checkouts and My Holds screens will now filter as expected. (Ticket 119716)
- If enabled in Discovery users can now self-checkout items in the app.
- For Koha, the app will now support the hold cancellation workflow.
- Fixed a bug preventing users from going to the Holds screen after placing a hold.
- When searching for an item by scanning the barcode, if only 1 result is returned, the app will automatically load that Grouped Work.

## Aspen Discovery Updates

### Account Updates
- Added option to allow users to retrieve their barcodes via text using Twilio. (Ticket 117851)

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Settings
- Library Systems > ILS/Account Integration > User Profile > Enable "Forgot Barcode?" Link on Login Screen"
</div>

- When starting Masquerade mode, allow the administrator to enter either barcode or username as applicable for the ILS.
- Add a session expiration of 15 minutes of inactivity when Masquerading. (Ticket 88368)
- Automatically refresh the page when a session is scheduled to finish 

### Administration Updates
- Added the ability to Export to CSV for most administration setting tables (including eCommerce Report and Donations Report). Export to CSV will maintain applied filters.
- Added the ability to Export Selected to CSV for most administration setting tables (including eCommerce Report and Donations Report).
- For all Export to CSV functionality will only export columns displayed in the table by default.
- Allow individual fields to be locked within Aspen so only users with the ability to lock and unlock fields to edit them. (Tickets 84757, 111192)

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Permissions
- Lock Administration Fields
</div>

### eCommerce Updates
- Added permissions to allow libraries to see only their own ecommerce and donations reports.

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Permissions
- View eCommerce Reports for All Libraries
- View Donations Reports for All Libraries
- View eCommerce Reports for Home Library
- View Donations Reports for Home Library
</div>

### Facet Updates
- Added ability to edit facets for websites and Open Archives
- Updated the facet for event date to limit the max date to the number of days events are indexed for

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Permissions
- Administer All Website Facet Settings
- Administer Library Website Facet Settings
- Administer All Open Archives Facet Settings
- Administer Library Open Archives Facet Settings

#### New Settings
- Open Archives > Open Archives Facet Settings
- Website Indexing > Website Facet Settings
</div>

### Indexing Updates
- Create a new Indexing Class specific to Nashville to account for unique format determination rules. (Ticket 116708)
- Carl.X libraries will now use standard format determination depending on the type of format determination selected (bib/item) (Ticket 116708)

### Interface Updates
- If a user manually provides input when selecting a date for automatic hold cancellation, it will now check if the date is earlier than the current date. (Ticket 116450)
- While paying a fine if a user inputs a value higher than the outstanding amount, they will be alerted and the total to be paid will not be updated.

### Polaris Updates
- When updating patron information in Polaris check Aspen settings to see what information should not be modifiable and do not send those values to Polaris. (Ticket 118198)
- Allow holds that are available for pickup to be cancelled, frozen/thawed, and pickup location to be changed. (Ticket 119501)

### Search Updates
- Only provide spelling and search suggestions for Keyword, Title, Start of Title, Author, Series, and Subject Searches. (Ticket 118327)

### Single Sign-on (SSO) Updates
- Add ability to restrict single sign-on by IP address. (Ticket 118688)

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Settings
- Single sign-on (SSO) Settings > Restrict single sign-on by IP address
- Primary Configuration > IP Addresses > Allow Single Sign-on (SSO)
</div>

### Symphony Updates
- Allow exported files from Symphony to be GZipped.

### Theme Updates
- When assigning a theme to a Library or Location, Aspen will now provide an initial weight greater than the existing amount of themes to keep it from being the default theme.

### Translation Updates
- When importing translations, Aspen will now encode the terms to ensure compatibility with the database. (Ticket 116851)
- The prompts for confirming with the user to Freeze Selected or All Holds is now translatable. (Ticket 118762)
- The prompts for confirming with the user to Thaw Selected or All Holds is now translatable. (Ticket 118762)
- The prompts for confirming with the user to Cancel Selected or All Holds is now translatable. (Ticket 118762)
- Prevent imported translations and community translations from sharing the value "null" for translated terms. (Ticket 119516)

### Web Builder Updates
- Add the ability to create quick polls within Web Builder. 

<div markdown="1" class="settings">
#### New Settings
- Web Builder / Quick Polls

#### New Permissions
- Administer All Quick Polls
- Administer Library Quick Polls
</div>

### Other Updates
- Show the list of users that can be assigned to a materials request properly when the user's display name has not been set.
- Do not redirect to an individual record page if the search term starts with id. (Ticket 119079)
- Fix saving secondary phone number. (Ticket 95477)
- Added SIP function to handle barcode self-checkout with the ILS.
- Added API endpoint in the User API to support barcode self-checkout.
- Fixed an issue where bots were generating errors with old saved searches
- Fixed an issue where the usage dashboard was incorrectly showing "0" values (Tickets 118478, 119854)
- Allow Solr server to be specified when creating new sites.
- Fix issue where barcodes with a "+" couldn't check out Overdrive items (Ticket 118889)
- Install ClamAV by default

## This release includes code contributions from
- ByWater Solutions
- James Staub
- Theke Solutions

_Thanks to all of our contributors!!_