## Aspen LiDA Updates
- Fixed a bug that would sometimes cause the Place Hold modal to appear to never complete. (Ticket 121859)
- Added a new default facet option for setting the Availability toggle.

## Aspen Discovery Updates
### Account Updates
- Reduce cache time for account information (summary, holds, checkouts) from 15 minutes to 5 minutes. (Ticket 122120) 
- Correct resetting PINs after a user self registered without a PIN or has only been loading in Aspen via Masquerade Mode. (Tickets 120847, 120877, 121087)

### Accelerated Reader Updates
- Properly handle new format of Accelerated Reader Exports. (Ticket 122001)

### API Updates
- In Search API, getLocationInfo will now return some the location's Grouped Work Display Settings.
- In Search API, getLibraryInfo will now return some the library's Grouped Work Display Settings.
- In Search API, getAvailableFacets now returns values for the availability toggle.
- In Search API, searchLite now returns values for the availability toggle.
- In Search API, if searchLite returns 0 results when the availability toggle is not set to global, it will retry the search as global.
- In User API, honor pType restrictions for account linking

### Cookie Consent Updates
- Store cookie consent options with the user when logged in. When logged out, store the selected options in a cookie. 
- When logging in, transfer settings from cookie to user if the user has not already selected their options. 
- Hide Google Analytics tracking code if the user has opted out of tracking. 

### Evergreen Updates
- Add error checking when adding libraries from Evergreen to ensure subdomains are the correct length. 
- Allow Evergreen titles to not include collections for the items. 

### Genealogy Updates
- Correct import of people to set date added. 
- If date added is not present when saving a person, add before saving. 

### Hoopla Updates
- Add additional authors (other than primary author) to keyword index. (Ticket 122182)

### ILL Search Links
- For WorldCat and INN-Reach ILL systems, through "Request through ILL" user searches will be redirected to the correct URL with search parameters retained. (Tickets 121019, 120928) 

### Indexing Updates
- Trim trailing punctuation from Lexile values to account for erroneous trailing periods. 

### Polaris Updates
- Increase buffer when polling for changes to 15 minutes from 5 minutes to ensure all bib and item changes are properly captured. (Ticket 118953)

### Self-Check Updates
- Added settings to define a location's barcode styles that are allowed when checking out items. If none are provided, defaults of Codabar, UPC A, UPC E, UPC EAN, EAN-13, and EAN-8 are applied.

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Settings
- Aspen LiDA > Self-Check Settings > Valid Barcode Styles
</div>

### Sierra Updates
- Temporarily disable name/barcode login for Sierra. 

### Symphony Updates
- Extended the Symphony Payment Type field in Library Systems to allow values up to 12 characters. (Ticket 122413)
- Fix issue where non-public notes were showing for some multi-volume Symphony records (Ticket 119171)
- Update custom self registration forms to always use separate city and state fields and use the City / State setting to determine how the fields are submitted
- Added 'prompt for parent' to custom self registration forms (Ticket 122520)

### User List Updates
- Added the ability for users to choose whether to display their own name or have it appear as "Library Staff" when they create a public list.

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Settings
- Your Lists > Show list author in search results (Only shown for public searchable lists)
</div>

### Other Updates
- Fix issue where exporting selected eCommerce reports to csv was exporting blank values (Ticket 120954)
- Cover images in browse categories will no longer be stretched in height to fill a minimum box height in "Grid" mode. (Ticket 121841)
- When signing up for 2-factor authentication display an error message if the user does not have an email associated with their account. 
- If a 2-factor authentication code cannot be sent to a user display an error message. 
- If 2-factor authentication has been disabled for a patron type, do not start the verification process if the user previously opted in to 2-factor authentication.
- Renamed default label for availability toggle from "Available?" to "Search Within".
- Added role="button" to the get more results link chevron within search results and browse categories
- List covers will now properly inherit the theme's Cover Image Style preference.

## This release includes code contributions from
- ByWater Solutions
- PTFS Europe
- Theke Solutions
- Brendan Lawlor, CLAMS