## Aspen LiDA Updates
- Fix for UPC-A scanning on iOS for removing an unnecessary leading character to the scanned barcode. (Ticket 126886) (*KK*)
- Fixed a bug where closing the notification onboard prompt too early would cause it to re-prompt. (Ticket 127380) (*KK*)
- On the Login screen, wait to display the Forgot Barcode and Reset Password options until all related translations have loaded. (Ticket 127428) (*KK*)
- Renewing items with Sierra now properly send the correct id. (Ticket 127430) (*KK*)
- In the search facets, all sorting options now be properly labeled. (Ticket 127511) (*KK*)
- Fixes on various screens to only load translations when a desirable translation is returned from Discovery. (Tickets 127601, 127621) (*KK*)
- Events now load into Browse Categories on the Home screen. (*KK*)
- Users can now interact and manage Palace Project items. (*KK*)
- In Holds and Checkouts, filter options and format details that previously referenced Overdrive or Axis 360 now display as Libby, or the library's custom reader name, and Boundless. (*KK*)
- General UI enhancements for tablet users on the Discover, Search, and Grouped Work screens. (*KK*)

## Aspen Discovery Updates
### Accessibility Updates
- For external links, added an aria-label that contains "opens in new window" for screen readers to announce. (Ticket 126209) (*KK*)
- Added "role=presentation" for FontAwesome icons used throughout the interface so that they do not cause confusion for screen readers. (Ticket 126209) (*KK*)
- Removed redundant title tags for images in browse categories. (Ticket 126209) (*KK*)
- Fixed a bug where in some cases the "Display Options" in the hidden menu would break tab order. (Ticket 127227) (*KK*)

### API Updates
- In User API getLinkedAccounts now reload contact information for each linked account to ensure we have complete data. (Tickets 115652, 127427)  (*KK*)
- In User API checkoutItem, placeHold, cancelHold, renewItem, and returnCheckout now support processing Palace Project items. (*KK*)
- In User API getPatronProfile now accounts for Palace Project items in holds and checkouts numbers, as well as if it's a valid eContent source. (*KK*)

### Events Updates
- Added setting for a separate Registration Body field for use with APIs/Aspen LiDA. (*KK*)

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

### New Settings
- Events > LibraryMarket - LibraryCalendar Settings > Registration Information to Show in Aspen LiDA
- Events > Springshare - LibCal Settings > Registration Information to Show in Aspen LiDA
- Events > Communico - Attend Settings > Registration Information to Show in Aspen LiDA
</div>

### Evergreen Updates
- When suspending a hold allow the user to optionally choose a reactivation date (*JB*)

### Indexing Updates
- Handle cases where format is determined by bib, but a record has eContent or similar items where the format is determined at the item level. (Ticket 124268) (*MDN*)

### Koha Updates
- Show 4 digit year for automatic renewal date. (Ticket 128670) (*MDN*)

### Logging updates
- Eliminated source of httpd error log entries for undefined timeUntilSessionExpiration. (*JStaub*)

### Polaris Updates
- When importing shelf locations and item types into translation maps, trim trailing spaces from the value. (*MDN*)
- Check for deleted bibs within Polaris at 9PM nightly. (Ticket 123626) (*MDN*)

### SEO Updates
- Disallows robot access to many directories that are not intended to be indexed by search engines, like MyAccount. (*JStaub*)

### Sierra Updates
- When using MatType to determine format, fall back to the bib/item level format determination if the format translation is blank. (Ticket 129058) (*MDN*)
- When freezing updates, show the update message as an error if no holds could be frozen, and a warning if some holds could not be frozen. (*MDN*)
- Remove time limit when importing Sierra Reading History to avoid timeouts. (*KK, MDN*)

### Springshare LibCal Updates
- Fixed issue where location/branch was showing twice for LibCal events instead of the Location and Room (Ticket 127575) (*KL*)

### Symphony Updates
- Add option to create a page that forces users to accept or reject that page before allowing self-registration (*KL*)

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

### New Settings
- ILS Integration > Self Registration Forms > Terms of Service Form
- ILS Integration > Self Registration TOS
</div>

- Add option to copy self registration forms (*KL*)
- Fixed issue where, when updating patron profiles with "Use All Caps When Updating Profile" on, things were not submitting in all caps (Ticket 126162) (*KL*)

### Other Updates
- Fixed issue when placing a hold for some vendors when initially offline (Ticket 124915) (*KL, MDN*)
- Fixed issue where normalized series values were removing trailing "t"s (Ticket 127627) (*KL*)
- Fixed Curbside Pickup to allow for no disabled days. (Ticket 128618) (*KK*)
- Fix link to Library Website when viewing library hours in a Custom Page. (Ticket 129155) (*MDN*)
- Added check for eContent when determining options for placing volume level holds (*KL, MDN*)
- Added check for patronId match in custom forms on submission (*KL*)
- Added check for patronId match in materials request form on submission (*KL*)
- Fixed a bug where geocoding was not properly saving the coordinates for a location's address. (*KK*)
- If Aspen is being served from behind a proxy, links shown in the UI will match the protocol (http:// or https://) used to reach the proxy. (*JB*)
- Do not add the author from the breadcrumbs of an author page to the list of translatable terms. (*GMC*)
- Remove old unused app code. (*MDN*)
- Remove old automated test code. (*MDN*)
- Remove time limit when rebuilding themes due to database maintenance. (*MDN*)
- Correct loading nested themes. (*MDN*)


## This release includes code contributions from
- ByWater Solutions
    - Kirstien Kroeger (KK)
    - Kodi Lein (KL)
    - Mark Noble (MDN)
- Nashville Public Library
    - James Staub (JStaub)
- Equinox Open Library Initiative
    - Galen Charlton (GMC)
    - Jason Boyer (*JB*)