## Aspen Discovery Updates

### Account Updates
- If preferred pickup location is set when creating a new user do not override it when saving the user to the database. (Ticket 121507) (*MDN*)

### Evergreen Updates
- Extract prestamp and poststamp from Evergreen API when available while updating from the ILS. (Ticket 127165) (*MDN*) 
- Load titles on hold during masquerade mode if the patron has never logged in. (Ticket 127382) (*MDN*)
- Load patron's preferred pickup location from Evergreen settings when the patron initially logs in. (Ticket 121507) (*MDN, JStephenson*)
- Correct removing items, locations, statuses, etc that are marked as hidden or deleted within the opac using unapi. (Ticket 128281) (*MDN*)

### Indexing Updates
- Count and display in the logs the number of times author authorities are used for grouping during the full nightly index.  For fully accurate numbers, set regroup all records during nightly index on during system variables. (Ticket 126893) (*MDN*)
- Trim trailing periods from lexile scores to avoid indexing issues. (*MDN*)
- If we can't determine if the nightly index is running, quit. (*MDN*)

### OverDrive Updates
- Remove old check for unlinked OverDrive records within the indexer. (*MDN*)
- Add an index for crossRefId to make showing magazines faster. (*MDN*)

### Palace Project Updates
- Correct loading grouped work cover for works that only have Palace Project records. (*MDN*)
- Add error checking for cases when specific metadata is not provided for a Palace Project record. (*MDN*) 
- When grouping Palace Project titles, use the ID of the Palace Project title within Aspen rather than the ID within Palace Project. (*MDN*)
- Convert Palace Project ids to Aspen ids when loading circulation data from Palace Project. (*MDN*)  
- Remove the " - Palace Project" suffix from the end of Palace Project Collections.  (*MDN*)
- Ensure all OverDrive, Boundless, and cloudLibrary titles are not indexed as part of Palace Project Collection. (*MDN*)
- Display Checkout Date and Expiration Date for Palace Project titles. (*MDN*)

### Payment History Updates
- Display Payment History for payments made within Aspen. (Ticket 121497) (*MDN*)
- Display Payment Details for individual payments made within Aspen. (Ticket 121497) (*MDN*)
- Store additional information about fines paid via Aspen and show the information within Payment Details. (Ticket 121497) (*MDN*)  
- Allow libraries to select a number of days to preserve payment history and automatically delete payment history older than that date. (Ticket 121497) (*MDN*)

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Settings
- Library Systems > Payment History > Show Payment History for fines paid in Aspen
- Library Systems > Payment History > Payment History Explanation
- Library Systems > Payment History > Delete Payment History Older than (days)
</div>

### Theme Updates
- Update css generation for themes when a custom font is applied to a child theme, and no custom fonts are applied to the parent theme. (Ticket 128342)  (*MDN*)
- Protect against errors if a theme tries to extend itself. (*MDN*) 

### Other Updates
- Change Fines and Messages entry in account menu to just Fines to match sidebar menu. (*MDN*)
- Add additional indexes to improve performance when looking up users and querying various tables by timestamp. (*MDN*) 

## This release includes code contributions from
- ByWater Solutions
    - Mark Noble (MDN)
- CW/Mars
  - Jason Stephenson (JStephenson)