## Aspen LiDA Updates
- Fixed a bug where some devices were scanning incorrect barcode values. (Ticket 135365) (*KK*)

## Aspen Discovery Updates
// mark
### Account Updates
- Show account renewal links on the Library Card page when applicable. (Ticket 134192) (*MDN*)

### EBSCO/EBSCOhost Updates
- Remove unimplemented option to change search results from List to Covers mode. (*MDN*) 

### Indexing Updates
- Update check for Blu-ray / 4K combo packs to look for either the word "and" or a plus symbol. (Ticket 135253) (*MDN*)
- If a record is identified as both Manga and Graphic Novel, prefer Manga. (*MDN*) 

### Palace Project Updates
- Add a collection report which shows the number of titles owned by each collection for each library. (*MDN*)

### Polaris Updates
- Correct notice while Masquerading if PAPIErrorCode is not set. (*MDN*)

### Search Updates
- Add a new option within Show Hold and Copy Counts to always show hold and copy counts. (Ticket 128625) (*MDN*)

### Other Updates
- Remove setting permissions for old (deleted) solr directories during install. (*MDN*)
- Correct updating internal numeric representation of IP address ranges when editing an IP Address. (*MDN*)
- If NoveList is not enabled for a library display an appropriate message on the NoveList API Data page. (*MDN*)
- Ignore warning on Windows when creating temp files (*MDN*)
- Correct handling of quoted question marks within URLS. (*MDN*)

// kirstien
### Accessibility Updates
- Added ability to open/close search filter accordions using the keyboard.  (Ticket 133626) (*KK*)
- Added tab path to the Refresh button on the Holds page. (*KK*)
- Added tab path to Display/Languages & Display/Languages button in the header. (*KK*)

### API Updates
- Added getInbox to User API to fetch user ILS messages.
- Added markMessageAsRead and markMessageAsUnread to User API to update user ILS message isRead status.
- Added check if library has inbox features in getLibraryInfo in System API.

### Aspen LiDA Administration Updates
- In Notification Settings added option to assign ILS Notification Settings. Applies to Koha libraries only at this time. (*KK*)
- Added ILS Notification Settings to define what types of ILS messages should be sent out of Aspen Discovery. Applies to Koha libraries only at this time. (*KK*)

### Koha Updates
- Fix issues related to updating patron contact information for Koha version 24.05. (Ticket 135711) (*KK*)
- Fix issues related to updating messaging settings for Koha version 24.05. (*KK*)
- Added function to get data from the message_queue table in preparation of ILS Notifications. (*KK*)
- Added function to get data from the letter table in preparation of ILS Notifications. (*KK*)

// kodi
### Indexing Updates
- Add check for "Manga" in addition to "GraphicNovel" to determine eComic format for side loads (Ticket 134952) (*KL*)
- Add clearer debugging info for Libby if our authentication requests are unsuccessful (*KL*)
- Increase series length allowed in overdrive_api_products table for Libby (*KL*)

### eCommerce Updates
- Fix issues with Stripe and Square donations where the card info box does not appear when user is not logged in (*KL*)
- Fix issue with Square donations resulting in AJAX errors (Ticket 135756) (*MDN*, *KL*)

// katherine
### Other Updates
- Fix bug with unexpected 404 errors on Web Builder pages.  (Ticket 123122) (*KP*)

### cloudLibrary Updates
- Add the ability to use alternate library cards (such as state library cards) with cloudLibrary. (Ticket 69336, 133101) (*KP*)

### Search Updates
- Fix bug where call number searches were not returning expected results. (Ticket 135530) (*KP*)
- Fix searching by grouped work ID and by ISSN (Ticket 135616) (*KP*)

### Indexing Updates
- Add setting to choose which fields to use to look for bib-level call numbers. (Ticket 133082) (*KP*)

// alexander
### Summon Updates
- Adjust code to ensure that the filter applies correctly no matter what page of results users are on when they apply it. (*AB*)

// jacob

// pedro
- Updated the way the passkey file is generated. (*PA*)

To generate the passkey file, the following command should be run (as root):

`php /usr/local/aspen-discovery/code/web/cron/createKeyFile.php <serverName>`

// lucas
### Other Updates
- Fixed a bug where, if a user tried to use filters in the Translation section and pressed the Enter key, Translation mode was activated instead of updating the filters. (Ticket 117950) (*LM, MDN*)
- 
// James Staub
### Reports
- Nashville-specific: Circulation Holds Report now includes item-level holds (*JStaub*)

### Web Builder
- Increase the Custom Form email recipient character limit. (Ticket 132417) (*JStaub*)

### Other Updates
- Bad Words: stop using cache for bad words. (Ticket 134567) (*JStaub*)

// other

## This release includes code contributions from
- ByWater Solutions
  - Mark Noble (MDN)
  - Kirstien Kroeger (KK)
  - Kodi Lein (KL)
  - Katherine Perdue (KP)

- Nashville Public Library
  - James Staub (JStaub)
  
- PTFS-Europe
  - Pedro Amorim (PA)
  - Alexander Blanchard (AB)
  - Jacob O'Mara (JOM)

- Theke Solutions
  - Lucas Montoya (LM)