## Aspen LiDA Updates
- The individual notification preferences will now update more reliably. (Ticket 124056) *(KK)*
- Added support for resetting passwords with Symphony libraries. (Ticket 124593) *(KK)*
- Fixed an issue that would sometimes cause the Notification onboarding prompt to re-prompt a user after they already interacted with it. (Tickets 124562, 124705) *(KK)*
- We will now store whether we should re-prompt a user for Screen Brightness permissions when viewing the Library Card screen. (Ticket 124696) *(KK)*
- Fixed an issue where self-check custom barcode styles were not properly registering and preventing successful scanning. (Ticket 124872) *(KK)*
- When selecting a library in a branded app, consider the distance from the provided coordinates to match Aspen LiDA Community functionality. (Ticket 124898) *(KK)*
- If a user has a preferred pickup location, it will now again be selected by default when placing a hold. If a preferred location has not been set, it will consider the user's home location instead. (Ticket 124921) *(KK)*
- When enabling Reading History, the 'cancel' button will now properly have a label. (Ticket 124971) *(KK)*
- The More screen has a new look and now supports custom menu links from Discovery. *(KK)*
- The Library Contact screen has a new look to make it more useful to users. *(KK)*
- In the background, we will periodically check if the Aspen Discovery session is still valid, and renew it if not. *(KK)*
- In the Account Drawer, users will now see 'Fines' as an option, which will open up the Fines page in Aspen Discovery. *(KK)*
- Added passUserToDiscovery to allow the app to open Aspen Discovery inside the app while pre-logging in the user based on the active app session. *(KK)*
- General cleanup on the UI for dark mode, text truncating, and image caching. *(KK)*

## Aspen Discovery Updates
### Account Updates 
- Add option to display either a renewal link or Quipu eRenew when the patron's card has expired. This can be configured to show only when the card is expired or 30 days before renewal. *(MDN)* 

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Settings
- Primary Configuration > Library Systems > ILS/Account Integration > Card Renewal > Enable Card Renewal
- Primary Configuration > Library Systems > ILS/Account Integration > Card Renewal > Show Card Renewal when expiration is close
- Primary Configuration > Library Systems > ILS/Account Integration > Card Renewal > Card Renewal URL
</div>

### Administration Updates
- Several additional things can be copied within the administration interface *(MDN)*
  - Basic Pages
  - Browse Category Groups
  - Custom Pages
  - JavaScript Snippets
  - Library Systems
  - Locations
  - Menu Links within Libraries (Selected menu links can be copied to multiple other libraries at the same time)
  - Placards
  - System Messages
  - Web Resources

### API Updates
- Added getLibraryLinks to System API to return a list of menu items for the library. *(KK)*
- In Greenhouse API, getLibrary will now return the distance the locations are from the given coordinates. *(KK)*

### CARL.X Updates
- Add a setting to allow disabling the cancellation of holds that are in transit. (Ticket 124732) *(MDN)*

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Settings
- Primary Configuration > Library Systems > ILS/Account Integration > Holds > Allow Cancelling In Transit Holds
</div>

### Donations Updates
- Updated how we were looking for donation payments when completing a payment with the processor to ensure the email receipt is triggered. (Ticket 124427) *(KK)*
- All submitted donations will now be treated as donation payment types. *(KK)*

### Evergreen Updates
- Add the display of contact information including Name, Preferred Name, Primary Address, and card expiration date on Contact Information Page. (Tickets 111836, 122750) *(MDN)*
- If available display the patron's preferred name in the account header. *(MDN)*
- When placing holds and phone_notify is checked and no default notification phone is set, it will fall back to day phone, evening phone, or other phone if they exist. *(JB)*

### Indexing Updates
- Remove Specified Value from Indexing Profiles - Load Format From Options (Ticket 106062) *(MDN)*
- Remove unused "In Library Use Only?" option from format map. (Ticket 122225) *(MDN)*

### Library System Updates
- For menu items, added the option "Show On" to determine where the link should display. *(KK)*
- Add option to upload an image for locations. This is currently only used in the updated Aspen LiDA library contact screen. *(KK)*

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Settings
- Primary Configuration > Library Systems > Menu Links > Show On
- Primary Configuration > Library Systems > Locations > Location Image
</div>

### Palace Project Updates
- Allow for palace project titles with very long identifiers. *(MDN)*

### Quipu Updates
- Create a page to display Quipu eRenew form. (Ticket 120880) *(MDN)*
- Update Quipu Settings to determine if eCard, eRenew or Both are available from Quipu. (Ticket 120880) *(MDN)*

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Settings
- Third Party Enrichment > Quipu Settings > Has eCard
- Third Party Enrichment > Quipu Settings > Has eRenew
</div>

### Search Updates
- For title searches also include format(s) of title to improve relevancy when a patron includes the format in their search. *(MDN)*
- For keyword searches also include format(s) of title to improve relevancy when a patron includes the format in their search. *(MDN)*

### Sierra Updates
- When importing lists from Sierra, restore the list if it was previously deleted. (Ticket 124168) *(MDN)*

### Single Sign-on (SSO) Updates
- Fixed match point configuration for SAML and Aspen Discovery authentication only. (Ticket 124097) *(KK)*
- Added option to update ILS account information with IdP data when logging in. (Ticket 124896) *(KK)*

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Settings
- Primary Configuration > Single Sign-on (SSO) > Update users ILS account information with data from the IdP when logging in using the data mapping provided
</div>

### Symphony Updates
- Added option for self registration to turn duplicate checking off *(KL)*

### VDX Updates
- Correct blocking patrons from being able to place VDX Requests based on Symphony standing. (Tickets 112640, 116207) *(MDN)*

### Web Builder Updates
- When saving custom form submissions, save each field independently within the database. *(LM)*
- When exporting custom forms to CSV, export all fields in separate columns to make the data easier to read. *(LM, MDN)*
- When viewing custom form submissions in the admin interface, show field values in separate columns to make the data easier to read. *(MDN)*
- Fix View Submissions link when viewing a list of all forms. *(MDN)*

### Other Updates
- Cleaned up the cron that sends LiDA notifications for better performance. (Ticket 124538) *(KK)*
- Updated onboardAppNotifications to not allow null values, which was causing multiple notification onboarding prompts. (Tickets 124562, 124705) *(KK)*
- Added Shared Sessions to pre-authenticate a user to launch Aspen Discovery within Aspen LiDA already logged in. *(KK)*
- Added an option in System Variables to hide/show Aspen LiDA's Branded App Settings. *(KK)*
- Added noCustom parameter to view the page without loading the theme's additional CSS or JavaScript Snippets. *(KK)*
- Added noCustomCSS parameter to view the page without loading the theme's additional CSS. *(KK)*
- Condensed several columns into a single column on the Fines table in order to make more of it visible on smaller screens. *(KK)*
- Correct missing include file when generating list covers. *(MDN)*
- Remove old SSO code and files. *(MDN)*
- Ensure MariaDB starts properly after a reboot on CentOS servers. *(MDN)*
- Add an option to not monitor antivirus logs. *(MDN)*

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Settings
- System Administration > System Variables > Monitor Antivirus
</div>

- Automatically remove object history older than 90 days. *(MDN)*

## This release includes code contributions from
- ByWater Solutions
  - Kirstien Kroeger (KK)
  - Kodi Lein (KL)
  - Mark Noble (MDN)
- Equinox Open Library Initiative
  - Jason Boyer (JB)
- Theke Solutions
  - Lucas Montoya (LM)
