## Aspen LiDA Updates
- Fixes on various screens to only load translations when a desirable translation is returned from Discovery. (Tickets 127275, 127601, 127621, 128390) (*KK*)
- Fixed a bug where sometimes facets would not apply correctly to searches. (Tickets 127775, 127944, 129301, 129539) (*KK*)
- Fixed a bug where device browsers were not properly closing and would not allow additional browsers to be opened. (Ticket 127963) (*KK*)
- The Library Card screen will now respect the Discovery setting for hiding card expiration dates. (Ticket 128690) (*KK*)
- Fixed a bug with cover images on the Holds screen sometimes loading incorrect images. (Ticket 129284) (*KK*)
- Select menus when placing a hold (i.e. Pickup Locations, Volumes, Linked Accounts) will now allow users to scroll through the options if needed. (Ticket 129876) (*KK*)
- Fixed a bug where some devices weren't allowing users to option select menus when placing a hold. (Ticket 129876) (*KK*)
- Menu links without a scheme or domain will now properly load when opened. (Ticket 129553) (*KK*)
- Fixed a bug that would sometimes display a lesser contrasting color for text color on buttons. (Ticket 129608) (*KK*)
- If a library has been put in Offline Mode, patrons will not be able to log into Aspen LiDA until it's back online. (*KK*)
- Added a Permissions Dashboard screen to view what's enabled/disabled and how to update the status. (*KK*)
- Fixed translations referencing Palace Project on the Holds and Checkouts screens. (*KK*)

## Aspen Discovery Updates
### Boundless Updates
- Allow scoping of Boundless titles by audience. (*MDN*)

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Settings
- Boundless > Settings > Scopes > Include Adult
- Boundless > Settings > Scopes > Include Teen
- Boundless > Settings > Scopes > Include Kids
</div>

### Carl.X Updates
- Updated self registration to be more generic (Ticket 127443) (*KL*)

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Settings
- Primary Configuration > Libraries > ILS/Account Integration > Self Registration > Institution Code
</div>

### Evergreen Updates
- When updating from unapi, check the holdable attribute for the copy and if it is set to false set the subfield x to unholdable. (Ticket 126257) (*MDN*)
- When indexing MARC records, mark any item with subfield x of unholdable as not holdable within Aspen. (Ticket 126257) (*MDN*)

### Hold Updates
- Correct setting Always Use Pickup Location and desired pickup location after placing a hold. (Tickets 119902, 122172, 122199, 122719, 124389, 124902, 126808, 129215, 129312, 129316) (*MDN*)

### Indexing Updates
- Do not use the 500 field to index Blu-ray/DVD and 4k/Blu-ray combo packs. (*MDN*)

### Koha Updates
- For Messaging Settings, allow selecting Digest checkbox for Holds Filled as part of Koha 23.11. (*KK*)
- For Self-Check with Aspen LiDA libraries using Koha 23.11 or newer, we will use the Checkout API endpoint instead of SIP. (*KK*)
- When displaying libraries for self registration, sort by main library first and then alphabetically by name. (*MDN*)

### Marc holdings updates
- Update logic for determining the display name for an owning library for a marc holding. (Ticket 124256) (*MDN*)

### Palace Project Updates
- Automatically load Palace Project Collections into Aspen and allow the name of the collection to be changed for display within Aspen. (*MDN*)
- Allow Palace Project Collections to be omitted from Aspen. (*MDN*) 
- Reduce the update interval for Palace Project Collections that do not have circulation. (*MDN*)
- Allow scoping of Palace Project titles by audience. (*MDN*)

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Settings
- Palace Project > Settings > Collections
- Palace Project > Settings > Scopes > Include Adult
- Palace Project > Settings > Scopes > Include Teen
- Palace Project > Settings > Scopes > Include Kids
</div>

### Search Updates
- When determining the active search location, match the rules for determining scope.  First check the subdomain against the active subdomain and then check the location code but only if the subdomain is blank. (Ticket 128603) (*MDN*)

### Self-Check Updates
- Added settings to define where a checkout should be assigned to.

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Settings
- Aspen LiDA > Self-Check Settings > Assign Checkouts To
</div>

### Sierra Updates
- Update Sierra Export to handle MARC holdings that do not have a MARC tag associated with them. (Ticket 124256) (*MDN*)
- Fix loading location for additional copies. (Ticket 124256) (*MDN*)

### Springshare LibCal Updates
- Fixed issue with display information for Springshare LibCal events with no 'campus' location (*KL*)

### Theme Updates
- Replace Arial font with Arimo font. (Ticket 129721) (*MDN*)

### Unit Test Updates
- Setup unit test framework for Aspen APIs with a standardized database. (*MDN*)
- Remove old unmaintained test. (*MDN*)

### Website Indexing Updates
- Do not strip hyphens from library and location codes when determining scoping information. (Ticket 129756) (*MDN*)

### Other Updates
- Fix descriptions for some items within the admin dashboard. (Ticket 129700) (*MDN*)
- Display total holds placed in the ILS Dashboard. (*MDN*)
- Update to automatically push docker images to dockerhub and quay on commits. (*KH*)
- Fix issue where max cost per checkout for Hoopla eBooks was fetching incorrect information (Ticket 119353) (*KL*)
- Added extra log entry for website indexing if we get a bad response code when fetching a site (Ticket 129939)(*KL*)
- Fix typo for tool tips for Boundless and Palace Project settings (Ticket 130137) (*KL*)

## This release includes code contributions from
- ByWater Solutions
    - Kirstien Kroeger (KK)
    - Kodi Lein (KL)
    - Kyle Hall (KH)
    - Mark Noble (MDN)