## Aspen LiDA Updates
- Variations for Grouped Works have a slight redesign to accommodate for long action button text. (Tickets 132248, 132754, 133591) (*KK*)
- Updating the language will change the selected option in both the Account drawer and Preferences screen. (Ticket 132494) (*KK*)
- On Holds screen when freezing hold, allow toast to display translated values. (Ticket 133530) (*KK*)
- Removed gesture navigation where it was allowed on some React Navigation stacks. (Ticket 133831) (*KK*)
- Always display a back button when accessing the Manage Browse Categories screen. (Ticket 134656) (*KK*)
- Users can now view instructions for accessing their Palace Project checkouts. (*KK*)

## Aspen Discovery Updates
### Accessibility Updates
- Display Hide button for browse categories in Accessible Browse Category mode. (*KK*)
- Add links to view more results for browse categories in Accessible Browse Category mode. (*KK*)
- "Show Hidden Browse Categories" is now accessible via keyboard navigation for Accessible Browse Category mode. (*KK*)

### API Updates
- Hold status will now output the translated value instead of the default/ILS value. (Ticket 133530) (*KK*)
- Pass Language weight used for sorting in getLanguages in System API. (Ticket 133830) (*KK*)
- Added Palace Project instructions to return with getLibraryInfo in System API. (*KK*)

### Carl.X Updates
- Added self registration forms for Carl.X (Ticket 127443) (*KL*)
- Allow item level holds (*JStaub*)

### CloudLibrary Updates
- Fixed bug where CloudLibrary showed available books as On Order. (Tickets 133182, 131721, 130690, 127870) (*KP*)

### Collection Spotlight Updates
- When replacing an existing tab on a Collection Spotlight, changing the title of the tab now also changes the title of the spotlight if it's the only tab. (*KP*)

### eCommerce Updates
- Fix issue where donations are not working (*KL*)

### Evergreen Updates
- Process holds.csv file in supplemental directory to show number of holds in search results and full record views. (Ticket 128625) (*MDN*)
- Added offset and limit values for fetching reading history to avoid timeouts (Ticket 128963) (*KL*)

### Hold Updates
- For bib records with both eContent and volumes, check each physical variation for volumes to correctly place volume level holds (Ticket 130700) (*KL*)

### Indexing Updates
- When stripping subtitles from display titles, handle  "the graphic novel" in addition to "a graphic novel" and "graphic novel". (Ticket 132354) (*MDN*)
- Do not remove common subtitles from Display Information that has been manually set. (Ticket 132354) (*MDN*)
- Make sure lexile values are integers when saving to solr. (Ticket 134341) (*MDN*)
- Add check in 655a: if 655a starts with "fiction", add one count of literary form Fiction when determining literary form for the grouped work (*KL*)
- For title grouping, only strip 'by' clauses when 'by' is followed by the author's name. (Tickets 111195, 120017, 127241) (*KP*)

### Koha Updates
- Add control over whether holidays and hours are automatically loaded from Koha for each library and location. (Tickets 130879, 132358) (*MDN*) 
- Do not update reading history for patrons that have been expired for more than 4 weeks.

### OverDrive Updates
- Error message when returning Kindle books is now translatable. (Tickets 133671, 133815, 133663, 133982) (*KP*)

### Polaris Updates
- Pass in OrgId for eCommerce payments for Polaris (Ticket 133845) (*KL*)

### Reading History Updates
- Make sure the date reading history was last updated saves properly when updating reading history from cron. (Ticket 131224) (*MDN*) 

### Reports
- Nashville-specific: Added pickup branch to Holds Report print slips (*JStaub*)
- Nashville-specific: Added GATE teachers to circulation reports (*JStaub*)

### Searching Updates
- Fixed bugs with searches that included special characters, especially subject searches. (Tickets 124011, 125190, 126636, 125764, 125718, 96412, 126604, 127927, 129569, 125996, 127927, 104133, 122594, 106178, 121322, 104134) (*KP*)

### Sierra Updates
- Make successful message when updating home library translatable. (*LM*)

### Summon Updates
- Adjustments to code in Summon getFacetSet function to correct a bug. Individual facet filters can now be unchecked and the filter unset by clicking the checkbox. (*AB*)

### Other Updates
- Show the original translation term when translating text within Aspen. (*MDN*) 
- Properly escape search suggestions when shown in buttons. (Ticket 133807) (*MDN*)
- Ensure that locked fields remain unchanged when administrators that do not have the ability to edit locked fields save the object. (Ticket 133123) (*MDN*)
- Make message that appears when a payment cannot be reconciled in the ILS translatable. (Ticket 134220) (*MDN*)
- Increase Format length for circulation cache tables (holds and checkouts) (*MDN*)
- Properly expand sections when searching within settings. (*MDN*) 
- Fixed a bug where if a user did not have a Cloud Library account it could falsely return a successful checkout message. (*KK*)
- In offline mode, don't show buttons like Add a Review and Add to List that prompt a login. (Ticket 132443) (*KP*)
- 'Return to List' returns submissions from the correct custom form or quick poll and the submissions page now prompts users to pick a form/poll. (Ticket 118583) (*KP*)
- 'Old PIN provided is incorrect' message is now translatable. (Ticket 123151) (*KP*)
- Added a new feature: SMTP setting. This allows for SMTP configuration to be utilized when sending e-mails from Aspen. (*PA*)

## This release includes code contributions from
- ByWater Solutions
  - Mark Noble (MDN)
  - Kirstien Kroeger (KK)
  - Kodi Lein (KL)
  - Katherine Perdue (KP)

- Nashville Public Library
  - James Staub (JStaub)
  
- PTFS-Europe
  - Pedro Amorim (PA)
  - Alexander Blanchard (AB)
  - Jacob O'Mara (JOM)

- Theke Solutions
  - Lucas Montoya (LM)