> You'll need to have developer accounts for Apple App Store and Google Play created and ready to use before completing these steps.

#Create a new branded instance
Open `apps.json`, add a new instance object, and complete the entries.

---
#Launching a branded instance
```
cd /usr/local/aspen-discovery/code/aspen_app
./start.sh
```
You'll be prompted with the available instances when running the shell script. Options are generated by the objects in `apps.json`

---
#Updating the App Stores
For updating open testing or TestFlight instances, use the **beta** release channel, otherwise **production** channel.
##Update version and build numbers
Increment the **versionCode** and **buildNumber** in `projectOwner.json` as needed.

##Over-the-air updates
For hot fixes, you can use the over-the-air update module from Expo to bypass needing to re-build and wait for the app stores.
```
cd /usr/local/aspen-discovery/code/aspen_app
./updater.sh
```
Launch the shell script and follow the command prompts to select a release channel, instance, and select `yes` when asked if "over-the-air update".

With over-the-air updates, you will be prompted to attach the update to a branch and include a comment (not public facing).

##Starting the build
1. Launch each app you want to build updates for in an Expo instance
2. Run the Expo build commands and follow the prompts to start the builds. It'll usually take 15-30 minutes for Expo to build each app.
```
cd /usr/local/aspen-discovery/code/aspen_app
./updater.sh
```
Launch the shell script and follow the command prompts to select a release channel, instance, and platform(s).

_Expo may have additional prompts if you're submitting to the app stores, or if it's the first run._